create global integer
creates global integer
define global integer
defines global integer
declare global integer
declares global integer
set global integer
sets global integer
create local integer
creates local integer
define local integer
defines local integer
declare local integer
declares local integer
set local integer
sets local integer
create integer
creates integer
define integer
defines integer
declare integer
declares integer
set integer
sets integer
create global integers
creates global integers
define global integers
defines global integers
declare global integers
declares global integers
set global integers
sets global integers
create local integers
creates local integers
define local integers
defines local integers
declare local integers
declares local integers
set local integers
sets local integers
create integers
creates integers
define integers
defines integers
declare integers
declares integers
set integers
sets integers
create global int
creates global int
define global int
defines global int
declare global int
declares global int
set global int
sets global int
create local int
creates local int
define local int
defines local int
declare local int
declares local int
set local int
sets local int
create int
creates int
define int
defines int
declare int
declares int
set int
sets int
create global ints
creates global ints
define global ints
defines global ints
declare global ints
declares global ints
set global ints
sets global ints
create local ints
creates local ints
define local ints
defines local ints
declare local ints
declares local ints
set local ints
sets local ints
create ints
creates ints
define ints
defines ints
declare ints
declares ints
set ints
sets ints
create global float
creates global float
define global float
defines global float
declare global float
declares global float
set global float
sets global float
create local float
creates local float
define local float
defines local float
declare local float
declares local float
set local float
sets local float
create float
creates float
define float
defines float
declare float
declares float
set float
sets float
create global floats
creates global floats
define global floats
defines global floats
declare global floats
declares global floats
set global floats
sets global floats
create local floats
creates local floats
define local floats
defines local floats
declare local floats
declares local floats
set local floats
sets local floats
create floats
creates floats
define floats
defines floats
declare floats
declares floats
set floats
sets floats
create global number
creates global number
define global number
defines global number
declare global number
declares global number
set global number
sets global number
create local number
creates local number
define local number
defines local number
declare local number
declares local number
set local number
sets local number
create number
creates number
define number
defines number
declare number
declares number
set number
sets number
create global numbers
creates global numbers
define global numbers
defines global numbers
declare global numbers
declares global numbers
set global numbers
sets global numbers
create local numbers
creates local numbers
define local numbers
defines local numbers
declare local numbers
declares local numbers
set local numbers
sets local numbers
create numbers
creates numbers
define numbers
defines numbers
declare numbers
declares numbers
set numbers
sets numbers
create global num
creates global num
define global num
defines global num
declare global num
declares global num
set global num
sets global num
create local num
creates local num
define local num
defines local num
declare local num
declares local num
set local num
sets local num
create num
creates num
define num
defines num
declare num
declares num
set num
sets num
create global nums
creates global nums
define global nums
defines global nums
declare global nums
declares global nums
set global nums
sets global nums
create local nums
creates local nums
define local nums
defines local nums
declare local nums
declares local nums
set local nums
sets local nums
create nums
creates nums
define nums
defines nums
declare nums
declares nums
set nums
sets nums
create global variable
creates global variable
define global variable
defines global variable
declare global variable
declares global variable
set global variable
sets global variable
create local variable
creates local variable
define local variable
defines local variable
declare local variable
declares local variable
set local variable
sets local variable
create variable
creates variable
define variable
defines variable
declare variable
declares variable
set variable
sets variable
create global variables
creates global variables
define global variables
defines global variables
declare global variables
declares global variables
set global variables
sets global variables
create local variables
creates local variables
define local variables
defines local variables
declare local variables
declares local variables
set local variables
sets local variables
create variables
creates variables
define variables
defines variables
declare variables
declares variables
set variables
sets variables
create global var
creates global var
define global var
defines global var
declare global var
declares global var
set global var
sets global var
create local var
creates local var
define local var
defines local var
declare local var
declares local var
set local var
sets local var
create var
creates var
define var
defines var
declare var
declares var
set var
sets var
create global vars
creates global vars
define global vars
defines global vars
declare global vars
declares global vars
set global vars
sets global vars
create local vars
creates local vars
define local vars
defines local vars
declare local vars
declares local vars
set local vars
sets local vars
create vars
creates vars
define vars
defines vars
declare vars
declares vars
set vars
sets vars
create global double
creates global double
define global double
defines global double
declare global double
declares global double
set global double
sets global double
create local double
creates local double
define local double
defines local double
declare local double
declares local double
set local double
sets local double
create double
creates double
define double
defines double
declare double
declares double
set double
sets double
create global doubles
creates global doubles
define global doubles
defines global doubles
declare global doubles
declares global doubles
set global doubles
sets global doubles
create local doubles
creates local doubles
define local doubles
defines local doubles
declare local doubles
declares local doubles
set local doubles
sets local doubles
create doubles
creates doubles
define doubles
defines doubles
declare doubles
declares doubles
set doubles
sets doubles
create global character
creates global character
define global character
defines global character
declare global character
declares global character
set global character
sets global character
create local character
creates local character
define local character
defines local character
declare local character
declares local character
set local character
sets local character
create character
creates character
define character
defines character
declare character
declares character
set character
sets character
create global characters
creates global characters
define global characters
defines global characters
declare global characters
declares global characters
set global characters
sets global characters
create local characters
creates local characters
define local characters
defines local characters
declare local characters
declares local characters
set local characters
sets local characters
create characters
creates characters
define characters
defines characters
declare characters
declares characters
set characters
sets characters
create global char
creates global char
define global char
defines global char
declare global char
declares global char
set global char
sets global char
create local char
creates local char
define local char
defines local char
declare local char
declares local char
set local char
sets local char
create char
creates char
define char
defines char
declare char
declares char
set char
sets char
create global chars
creates global chars
define global chars
defines global chars
declare global chars
declares global chars
set global chars
sets global chars
create local chars
creates local chars
define local chars
defines local chars
declare local chars
declares local chars
set local chars
sets local chars
create chars
creates chars
define chars
defines chars
declare chars
declares chars
set chars
sets chars
create global string
creates global string
define global string
defines global string
declare global string
declares global string
set global string
sets global string
create local string
creates local string
define local string
defines local string
declare local string
declares local string
set local string
sets local string
create string
creates string
define string
defines string
declare string
declares string
set string
sets string
create global strings
creates global strings
define global strings
defines global strings
declare global strings
declares global strings
set global strings
sets global strings
create local strings
creates local strings
define local strings
defines local strings
declare local strings
declares local strings
set local strings
sets local strings
create strings
creates strings
define strings
defines strings
declare strings
declares strings
set strings
sets strings
create global str
creates global str
define global str
defines global str
declare global str
declares global str
set global str
sets global str
create local str
creates local str
define local str
defines local str
declare local str
declares local str
set local str
sets local str
create str
creates str
define str
defines str
declare str
declares str
set str
sets str
create global strs
creates global strs
define global strs
defines global strs
declare global strs
declares global strs
set global strs
sets global strs
create local strs
creates local strs
define local strs
defines local strs
declare local strs
declares local strs
set local strs
sets local strs
create strs
creates strs
define strs
defines strs
declare strs
declares strs
set strs
sets strs
create global text
creates global text
define global text
defines global text
declare global text
declares global text
set global text
sets global text
create local text
creates local text
define local text
defines local text
declare local text
declares local text
set local text
sets local text
create text
creates text
define text
defines text
declare text
declares text
set text
sets text
create global texts
creates global texts
define global texts
defines global texts
declare global texts
declares global texts
set global texts
sets global texts
create local texts
creates local texts
define local texts
defines local texts
declare local texts
declares local texts
set local texts
sets local texts
create texts
creates texts
define texts
defines texts
declare texts
declares texts
set texts
sets texts
create global txt
creates global txt
define global txt
defines global txt
declare global txt
declares global txt
set global txt
sets global txt
create local txt
creates local txt
define local txt
defines local txt
declare local txt
declares local txt
set local txt
sets local txt
create txt
creates txt
define txt
defines txt
declare txt
declares txt
set txt
sets txt
create global txts
creates global txts
define global txts
defines global txts
declare global txts
declares global txts
set global txts
sets global txts
create local txts
creates local txts
define local txts
defines local txts
declare local txts
declares local txts
set local txts
sets local txts
create txts
creates txts
define txts
defines txts
declare txts
declares txts
set txts
sets txts
create global array
creates global array
define global array
defines global array
declare global array
declares global array
set global array
sets global array
create local array
creates local array
define local array
defines local array
declare local array
declares local array
set local array
sets local array
create array
creates array
define array
defines array
declare array
declares array
set array
sets array
create global arrays
creates global arrays
define global arrays
defines global arrays
declare global arrays
declares global arrays
set global arrays
sets global arrays
create local arrays
creates local arrays
define local arrays
defines local arrays
declare local arrays
declares local arrays
set local arrays
sets local arrays
create arrays
creates arrays
define arrays
defines arrays
declare arrays
declares arrays
set arrays
sets arrays
create global list
creates global list
define global list
defines global list
declare global list
declares global list
set global list
sets global list
create local list
creates local list
define local list
defines local list
declare local list
declares local list
set local list
sets local list
create list
creates list
define list
defines list
declare list
declares list
set list
sets list
create global lists
creates global lists
define global lists
defines global lists
declare global lists
declares global lists
set global lists
sets global lists
create local lists
creates local lists
define local lists
defines local lists
declare local lists
declares local lists
set local lists
sets local lists
create lists
creates lists
define lists
defines lists
declare lists
declares lists
set lists
sets lists
create global vector
creates global vector
define global vector
defines global vector
declare global vector
declares global vector
set global vector
sets global vector
create local vector
creates local vector
define local vector
defines local vector
declare local vector
declares local vector
set local vector
sets local vector
create vector
creates vector
define vector
defines vector
declare vector
declares vector
set vector
sets vector
create global vectors
creates global vectors
define global vectors
defines global vectors
declare global vectors
declares global vectors
set global vectors
sets global vectors
create local vectors
creates local vectors
define local vectors
defines local vectors
declare local vectors
declares local vectors
set local vectors
sets local vectors
create vectors
creates vectors
define vectors
defines vectors
declare vectors
declares vectors
set vectors
sets vectors
create global boolean
creates global boolean
define global boolean
defines global boolean
declare global boolean
declares global boolean
set global boolean
sets global boolean
create local boolean
creates local boolean
define local boolean
defines local boolean
declare local boolean
declares local boolean
set local boolean
sets local boolean
create boolean
creates boolean
define boolean
defines boolean
declare boolean
declares boolean
set boolean
sets boolean
create global booleans
creates global booleans
define global booleans
defines global booleans
declare global booleans
declares global booleans
set global booleans
sets global booleans
create local booleans
creates local booleans
define local booleans
defines local booleans
declare local booleans
declares local booleans
set local booleans
sets local booleans
create booleans
creates booleans
define booleans
defines booleans
declare booleans
declares booleans
set booleans
sets booleans
create global bool
creates global bool
define global bool
defines global bool
declare global bool
declares global bool
set global bool
sets global bool
create local bool
creates local bool
define local bool
defines local bool
declare local bool
declares local bool
set local bool
sets local bool
create bool
creates bool
define bool
defines bool
declare bool
declares bool
set bool
sets bool
create global bools
creates global bools
define global bools
defines global bools
declare global bools
declares global bools
set global bools
sets global bools
create local bools
creates local bools
define local bools
defines local bools
declare local bools
declares local bools
set local bools
sets local bools
create bools
creates bools
define bools
defines bools
declare bools
declares bools
set bools
sets bools
create global class
creates global class
define global class
defines global class
declare global class
declares global class
set global class
sets global class
create local class
creates local class
define local class
defines local class
declare local class
declares local class
set local class
sets local class
create class
creates class
define class
defines class
declare class
declares class
set class
sets class
create global classes
creates global classes
define global classes
defines global classes
declare global classes
declares global classes
set global classes
sets global classes
create local classes
creates local classes
define local classes
defines local classes
declare local classes
declares local classes
set local classes
sets local classes
create classes
creates classes
define classes
defines classes
declare classes
declares classes
set classes
sets classes
create global void
creates global void
define global void
defines global void
declare global void
declares global void
set global void
sets global void
create local void
creates local void
define local void
defines local void
declare local void
declares local void
set local void
sets local void
create void
creates void
define void
defines void
declare void
declares void
set void
sets void
create global voids
creates global voids
define global voids
defines global voids
declare global voids
declares global voids
set global voids
sets global voids
create local voids
creates local voids
define local voids
defines local voids
declare local voids
declares local voids
set local voids
sets local voids
create voids
creates voids
define voids
defines voids
declare voids
declares voids
set voids
sets voids
create integer integer0=54
creates integer integer0=66
define integer integer0=41
defines integer integer0=20
declare integer integer0=54
declares integer integer0=54
set integer integer0=62
sets integer integer0=93
create integer integer1=11
creates integer integer1=15
define integer integer1=9
defines integer integer1=50
declare integer integer1=3
declares integer integer1=80
set integer integer1=5
sets integer integer1=51
create integer integer2=6
creates integer integer2=67
define integer integer2=91
defines integer integer2=5
declare integer integer2=9
declares integer integer2=74
set integer integer2=77
sets integer integer2=36
create integer i=64
creates integer i=6
define integer i=60
defines integer i=92
declare integer i=6
declares integer i=23
set integer i=63
sets integer i=49
create integer j=10
creates integer j=26
define integer j=97
defines integer j=48
declare integer j=98
declares integer j=82
set integer j=36
sets integer j=83
create integer k=92
creates integer k=42
define integer k=38
defines integer k=3
declare integer k=4
declares integer k=80
set integer k=38
sets integer k=9
create integer a=45
creates integer a=39
define integer a=34
defines integer a=62
declare integer a=70
declares integer a=91
set integer a=57
sets integer a=87
create integer b=16
creates integer b=32
define integer b=17
defines integer b=73
declare integer b=23
declares integer b=7
set integer b=11
sets integer b=98
create integer c=63
creates integer c=24
define integer c=26
defines integer c=95
declare integer c=1
declares integer c=74
set integer c=59
sets integer c=67
create integers integers0=55
creates integers integers0=58
define integers integers0=31
defines integers integers0=66
declare integers integers0=12
declares integers integers0=35
set integers integers0=89
sets integers integers0=8
create integers integers1=26
creates integers integers1=80
define integers integers1=32
defines integers integers1=37
declare integers integers1=41
declares integers integers1=21
set integers integers1=5
sets integers integers1=41
create integers integers2=6
creates integers integers2=88
define integers integers2=85
defines integers integers2=26
declare integers integers2=91
declares integers integers2=44
set integers integers2=91
sets integers integers2=22
create integers i=43
creates integers i=15
define integers i=66
defines integers i=50
declare integers i=63
declares integers i=98
set integers i=64
sets integers i=100
create integers j=72
creates integers j=42
define integers j=61
defines integers j=30
declare integers j=22
declares integers j=57
set integers j=87
sets integers j=78
create integers k=32
creates integers k=99
define integers k=61
defines integers k=56
declare integers k=48
declares integers k=31
set integers k=15
sets integers k=6
create integers a=91
creates integers a=62
define integers a=92
defines integers a=27
declare integers a=50
declares integers a=65
set integers a=65
sets integers a=25
create integers b=32
creates integers b=64
define integers b=87
defines integers b=88
declare integers b=94
declares integers b=45
set integers b=34
sets integers b=57
create integers c=25
creates integers c=64
define integers c=28
defines integers c=64
declare integers c=73
declares integers c=77
set integers c=40
sets integers c=45
create int int0=9
creates int int0=89
define int int0=84
defines int int0=60
declare int int0=57
declares int int0=24
set int int0=31
sets int int0=83
create int int1=40
creates int int1=96
define int int1=10
defines int int1=73
declare int int1=26
declares int int1=83
set int int1=6
sets int int1=2
create int int2=51
creates int int2=90
define int int2=89
defines int int2=47
declare int int2=8
declares int int2=12
set int int2=31
sets int int2=87
create int i=1
creates int i=95
define int i=79
defines int i=0
declare int i=100
declares int i=33
set int i=59
sets int i=26
create int j=46
creates int j=77
define int j=75
defines int j=60
declare int j=13
declares int j=43
set int j=5
sets int j=31
create int k=82
creates int k=59
define int k=25
defines int k=59
declare int k=52
declares int k=48
set int k=64
sets int k=44
create int a=16
creates int a=37
define int a=9
defines int a=84
declare int a=46
declares int a=81
set int a=89
sets int a=65
create int b=64
creates int b=33
define int b=10
defines int b=43
declare int b=46
declares int b=76
set int b=57
sets int b=15
create int c=93
creates int c=47
define int c=48
defines int c=22
declare int c=100
declares int c=95
set int c=34
sets int c=83
create ints ints0=53
creates ints ints0=27
define ints ints0=93
defines ints ints0=88
declare ints ints0=70
declares ints ints0=9
set ints ints0=96
sets ints ints0=27
create ints ints1=33
creates ints ints1=53
define ints ints1=94
defines ints ints1=77
declare ints ints1=67
declares ints ints1=21
set ints ints1=19
sets ints ints1=87
create ints ints2=63
creates ints ints2=12
define ints ints2=8
defines ints ints2=9
declare ints ints2=2
declares ints ints2=22
set ints ints2=50
sets ints ints2=89
create ints i=78
creates ints i=57
define ints i=7
defines ints i=23
declare ints i=2
declares ints i=93
set ints i=66
sets ints i=65
create ints j=86
creates ints j=71
define ints j=86
defines ints j=97
declare ints j=15
declares ints j=20
set ints j=73
sets ints j=32
create ints k=78
creates ints k=67
define ints k=51
defines ints k=96
declare ints k=75
declares ints k=27
set ints k=83
sets ints k=1
create ints a=60
creates ints a=59
define ints a=78
defines ints a=89
declare ints a=67
declares ints a=61
set ints a=97
sets ints a=55
create ints b=34
creates ints b=39
define ints b=21
defines ints b=90
declare ints b=96
declares ints b=43
set ints b=98
sets ints b=42
create ints c=5
creates ints c=65
define ints c=51
defines ints c=39
declare ints c=21
declares ints c=16
set ints c=45
sets ints c=53
create float float0=28
creates float float0=70
define float float0=51
defines float float0=54
declare float float0=85
declares float float0=77
set float float0=3
sets float float0=55
create float float1=56
creates float float1=69
define float float1=70
defines float float1=23
declare float float1=23
declares float float1=54
set float float1=38
sets float float1=76
create float float2=0
creates float float2=18
define float float2=53
defines float float2=48
declare float float2=19
declares float float2=61
set float float2=47
sets float float2=6
create float i=33
creates float i=2
define float i=9
defines float i=12
declare float i=3
declares float i=2
set float i=40
sets float i=21
create float j=96
creates float j=31
define float j=66
defines float j=91
declare float j=17
declares float j=9
set float j=21
sets float j=64
create float k=49
creates float k=60
define float k=0
defines float k=11
declare float k=55
declares float k=89
set float k=6
sets float k=69
create float a=10
creates float a=63
define float a=38
defines float a=80
declare float a=86
declares float a=35
set float a=70
sets float a=74
create float b=75
creates float b=28
define float b=61
defines float b=19
declare float b=77
declares float b=13
set float b=2
sets float b=44
create float c=67
creates float c=38
define float c=64
defines float c=18
declare float c=73
declares float c=85
set float c=47
sets float c=93
create floats floats0=72
creates floats floats0=99
define floats floats0=37
defines floats floats0=5
declare floats floats0=62
declares floats floats0=63
set floats floats0=97
sets floats floats0=44
create floats floats1=62
creates floats floats1=6
define floats floats1=67
defines floats floats1=95
declare floats floats1=13
declares floats floats1=25
set floats floats1=3
sets floats floats1=92
create floats floats2=39
creates floats floats2=73
define floats floats2=57
defines floats floats2=8
declare floats floats2=52
declares floats floats2=87
set floats floats2=72
sets floats floats2=9
create floats i=79
creates floats i=91
define floats i=72
defines floats i=51
declare floats i=86
declares floats i=7
set floats i=82
sets floats i=14
create floats j=40
creates floats j=88
define floats j=96
defines floats j=53
declare floats j=39
declares floats j=82
set floats j=45
sets floats j=87
create floats k=2
creates floats k=25
define floats k=40
defines floats k=24
declare floats k=20
declares floats k=61
set floats k=45
sets floats k=23
create floats a=98
creates floats a=73
define floats a=45
defines floats a=41
declare floats a=100
declares floats a=74
set floats a=10
sets floats a=92
create floats b=6
creates floats b=15
define floats b=98
defines floats b=19
declare floats b=23
declares floats b=44
set floats b=1
sets floats b=35
create floats c=23
creates floats c=81
define floats c=31
defines floats c=32
declare floats c=33
declares floats c=63
set floats c=28
sets floats c=36
create number number0=3
creates number number0=22
define number number0=12
defines number number0=74
declare number number0=34
declares number number0=56
set number number0=59
sets number number0=74
create number number1=24
creates number number1=30
define number number1=18
defines number number1=31
declare number number1=18
declares number number1=11
set number number1=51
sets number number1=12
create number number2=68
creates number number2=51
define number number2=41
defines number number2=1
declare number number2=49
declares number number2=8
set number number2=87
sets number number2=29
create number i=91
creates number i=43
define number i=89
defines number i=7
declare number i=88
declares number i=27
set number i=3
sets number i=84
create number j=47
creates number j=75
define number j=21
defines number j=87
declare number j=93
declares number j=37
set number j=35
sets number j=14
create number k=75
creates number k=55
define number k=53
defines number k=65
declare number k=68
declares number k=33
set number k=95
sets number k=21
create number a=82
creates number a=31
define number a=16
defines number a=83
declare number a=16
declares number a=5
set number a=43
sets number a=39
create number b=37
creates number b=62
define number b=96
defines number b=67
declare number b=52
declares number b=93
set number b=66
sets number b=5
create number c=85
creates number c=59
define number c=10
defines number c=40
declare number c=34
declares number c=0
set number c=92
sets number c=47
create numbers numbers0=98
creates numbers numbers0=29
define numbers numbers0=27
defines numbers numbers0=6
declare numbers numbers0=20
declares numbers numbers0=24
set numbers numbers0=94
sets numbers numbers0=26
create numbers numbers1=67
creates numbers numbers1=12
define numbers numbers1=58
defines numbers numbers1=60
declare numbers numbers1=18
declares numbers numbers1=75
set numbers numbers1=12
sets numbers numbers1=91
create numbers numbers2=46
creates numbers numbers2=70
define numbers numbers2=99
defines numbers numbers2=2
declare numbers numbers2=6
declares numbers numbers2=11
set numbers numbers2=83
sets numbers numbers2=58
create numbers i=71
creates numbers i=26
define numbers i=30
defines numbers i=42
declare numbers i=70
declares numbers i=70
set numbers i=46
sets numbers i=18
create numbers j=28
creates numbers j=57
define numbers j=23
defines numbers j=67
declare numbers j=0
declares numbers j=63
set numbers j=88
sets numbers j=68
create numbers k=83
creates numbers k=61
define numbers k=62
defines numbers k=42
declare numbers k=38
declares numbers k=13
set numbers k=30
sets numbers k=25
create numbers a=43
creates numbers a=38
define numbers a=90
defines numbers a=4
declare numbers a=8
declares numbers a=59
set numbers a=17
sets numbers a=39
create numbers b=26
creates numbers b=29
define numbers b=19
defines numbers b=20
declare numbers b=1
declares numbers b=15
set numbers b=41
sets numbers b=99
create numbers c=33
creates numbers c=86
define numbers c=29
defines numbers c=48
declare numbers c=55
declares numbers c=79
set numbers c=24
sets numbers c=5
create num num0=47
creates num num0=61
define num num0=30
defines num num0=29
declare num num0=85
declares num num0=79
set num num0=90
sets num num0=9
create num num1=76
creates num num1=26
define num num1=87
defines num num1=3
declare num num1=87
declares num num1=63
set num num1=85
sets num num1=36
create num num2=98
creates num num2=12
define num num2=33
defines num num2=57
declare num num2=15
declares num num2=1
set num num2=13
sets num num2=53
create num i=63
creates num i=63
define num i=46
defines num i=54
declare num i=59
declares num i=29
set num i=76
sets num i=0
create num j=78
creates num j=49
define num j=75
defines num j=90
declare num j=99
declares num j=77
set num j=83
sets num j=31
create num k=28
creates num k=10
define num k=51
defines num k=20
declare num k=66
declares num k=92
set num k=90
sets num k=57
create num a=57
creates num a=49
define num a=57
defines num a=90
declare num a=46
declares num a=39
set num a=77
sets num a=92
create num b=91
creates num b=4
define num b=5
defines num b=1
declare num b=32
declares num b=8
set num b=65
sets num b=73
create num c=43
creates num c=66
define num c=67
defines num c=55
declare num c=6
declares num c=51
set num c=40
sets num c=99
create nums nums0=15
creates nums nums0=22
define nums nums0=65
defines nums nums0=61
declare nums nums0=22
declares nums nums0=38
set nums nums0=34
sets nums nums0=68
create nums nums1=61
creates nums nums1=91
define nums nums1=11
defines nums nums1=86
declare nums nums1=29
declares nums nums1=69
set nums nums1=67
sets nums nums1=8
create nums nums2=90
creates nums nums2=75
define nums nums2=73
defines nums nums2=87
declare nums nums2=11
declares nums nums2=53
set nums nums2=8
sets nums nums2=53
create nums i=31
creates nums i=78
define nums i=66
defines nums i=73
declare nums i=17
declares nums i=95
set nums i=89
sets nums i=22
create nums j=0
creates nums j=58
define nums j=74
defines nums j=53
declare nums j=92
declares nums j=29
set nums j=96
sets nums j=22
create nums k=55
creates nums k=42
define nums k=12
defines nums k=69
declare nums k=53
declares nums k=96
set nums k=7
sets nums k=33
create nums a=67
creates nums a=18
define nums a=16
defines nums a=8
declare nums a=35
declares nums a=23
set nums a=8
sets nums a=65
create nums b=68
creates nums b=5
define nums b=34
defines nums b=20
declare nums b=62
declares nums b=46
set nums b=0
sets nums b=19
create nums c=41
creates nums c=29
define nums c=71
defines nums c=21
declare nums c=51
declares nums c=22
set nums c=54
sets nums c=37
create variable variable0=97
creates variable variable0=12
define variable variable0=81
defines variable variable0=31
declare variable variable0=70
declares variable variable0=16
set variable variable0=8
sets variable variable0=14
create variable variable1=14
creates variable variable1=62
define variable variable1=34
defines variable variable1=69
declare variable variable1=49
declares variable variable1=67
set variable variable1=41
sets variable variable1=92
create variable variable2=32
creates variable variable2=41
define variable variable2=71
defines variable variable2=36
declare variable variable2=56
declares variable variable2=24
set variable variable2=99
sets variable variable2=61
create variable i=2
creates variable i=34
define variable i=2
defines variable i=5
declare variable i=75
declares variable i=46
set variable i=77
sets variable i=100
create variable j=58
creates variable j=49
define variable j=0
defines variable j=98
declare variable j=55
declares variable j=75
set variable j=42
sets variable j=28
create variable k=6
creates variable k=12
define variable k=65
defines variable k=79
declare variable k=32
declares variable k=52
set variable k=62
sets variable k=35
create variable a=22
creates variable a=55
define variable a=81
defines variable a=26
declare variable a=88
declares variable a=23
set variable a=99
sets variable a=49
create variable b=90
creates variable b=43
define variable b=60
defines variable b=74
declare variable b=30
declares variable b=43
set variable b=25
sets variable b=59
create variable c=48
creates variable c=73
define variable c=19
defines variable c=9
declare variable c=18
declares variable c=70
set variable c=9
sets variable c=66
create variables variables0=38
creates variables variables0=82
define variables variables0=22
defines variables variables0=45
declare variables variables0=47
declares variables variables0=52
set variables variables0=54
sets variables variables0=24
create variables variables1=42
creates variables variables1=48
define variables variables1=43
defines variables variables1=44
declare variables variables1=8
declares variables variables1=63
set variables variables1=22
sets variables variables1=49
create variables variables2=22
creates variables variables2=77
define variables variables2=11
defines variables variables2=68
declare variables variables2=25
declares variables variables2=79
set variables variables2=55
sets variables variables2=26
create variables i=14
creates variables i=86
define variables i=100
defines variables i=54
declare variables i=25
declares variables i=84
set variables i=21
sets variables i=48
create variables j=49
creates variables j=24
define variables j=24
defines variables j=96
declare variables j=64
declares variables j=40
set variables j=70
sets variables j=87
create variables k=32
creates variables k=65
define variables k=22
defines variables k=47
declare variables k=37
declares variables k=72
set variables k=49
sets variables k=66
create variables a=11
creates variables a=98
define variables a=36
defines variables a=49
declare variables a=40
declares variables a=10
set variables a=46
sets variables a=11
create variables b=69
creates variables b=2
define variables b=25
defines variables b=87
declare variables b=18
declares variables b=38
set variables b=43
sets variables b=16
create variables c=50
creates variables c=90
define variables c=74
defines variables c=14
declare variables c=20
declares variables c=74
set variables c=86
sets variables c=1
create var var0=73
creates var var0=19
define var var0=72
defines var var0=93
declare var var0=13
declares var var0=30
set var var0=0
sets var var0=29
create var var1=26
creates var var1=52
define var var1=5
defines var var1=64
declare var var1=87
declares var var1=13
set var var1=91
sets var var1=38
create var var2=94
creates var var2=89
define var var2=78
defines var var2=37
declare var var2=69
declares var var2=15
set var var2=87
sets var var2=96
create var i=38
creates var i=46
define var i=0
defines var i=48
declare var i=34
declares var i=39
set var i=1
sets var i=59
create var j=19
creates var j=15
define var j=62
defines var j=6
declare var j=32
declares var j=76
set var j=68
sets var j=96
create var k=42
creates var k=54
define var k=84
defines var k=2
declare var k=76
declares var k=29
set var k=53
sets var k=17
create var a=54
creates var a=57
define var a=49
defines var a=79
declare var a=58
declares var a=40
set var a=25
sets var a=26
create var b=24
creates var b=60
define var b=37
defines var b=61
declare var b=41
declares var b=81
set var b=25
sets var b=16
create var c=96
creates var c=29
define var c=16
defines var c=70
declare var c=21
declares var c=4
set var c=16
sets var c=29
create vars vars0=28
creates vars vars0=27
define vars vars0=72
defines vars vars0=56
declare vars vars0=15
declares vars vars0=80
set vars vars0=4
sets vars vars0=94
create vars vars1=19
creates vars vars1=97
define vars vars1=3
defines vars vars1=2
declare vars vars1=14
declares vars vars1=100
set vars vars1=26
sets vars vars1=25
create vars vars2=75
creates vars vars2=22
define vars vars2=18
defines vars vars2=42
declare vars vars2=28
declares vars vars2=97
set vars vars2=45
sets vars vars2=69
create vars i=58
creates vars i=72
define vars i=45
defines vars i=3
declare vars i=69
declares vars i=3
set vars i=19
sets vars i=96
create vars j=87
creates vars j=95
define vars j=73
defines vars j=63
declare vars j=72
declares vars j=87
set vars j=16
sets vars j=45
create vars k=50
creates vars k=8
define vars k=39
defines vars k=88
declare vars k=29
declares vars k=54
set vars k=41
sets vars k=20
create vars a=56
creates vars a=18
define vars a=25
defines vars a=47
declare vars a=71
declares vars a=59
set vars a=43
sets vars a=66
create vars b=17
creates vars b=44
define vars b=42
defines vars b=70
declare vars b=85
declares vars b=13
set vars b=1
sets vars b=29
create vars c=81
creates vars c=65
define vars c=21
defines vars c=95
declare vars c=47
declares vars c=58
set vars c=68
sets vars c=81
create double double0=30
creates double double0=19
define double double0=93
defines double double0=63
declare double double0=1
declares double double0=82
set double double0=40
sets double double0=87
create double double1=56
creates double double1=2
define double double1=5
defines double double1=15
declare double double1=98
declares double double1=2
set double double1=47
sets double double1=8
create double double2=62
creates double double2=12
define double double2=27
defines double double2=61
declare double double2=39
declares double double2=27
set double double2=21
sets double double2=27
create double i=59
creates double i=12
define double i=69
defines double i=57
declare double i=69
declares double i=75
set double i=83
sets double i=50
create double j=86
creates double j=72
define double j=60
defines double j=35
declare double j=43
declares double j=45
set double j=48
sets double j=56
create double k=85
creates double k=5
define double k=3
defines double k=59
declare double k=54
declares double k=28
set double k=53
sets double k=68
create double a=52
creates double a=73
define double a=28
defines double a=4
declare double a=82
declares double a=9
set double a=52
sets double a=87
create double b=68
creates double b=11
define double b=28
defines double b=38
declare double b=20
declares double b=3
set double b=64
sets double b=20
create double c=32
creates double c=72
define double c=94
defines double c=83
declare double c=57
declares double c=21
set double c=3
sets double c=58
create doubles doubles0=1
creates doubles doubles0=84
define doubles doubles0=91
defines doubles doubles0=99
declare doubles doubles0=98
declares doubles doubles0=81
set doubles doubles0=4
sets doubles doubles0=9
create doubles doubles1=80
creates doubles doubles1=92
define doubles doubles1=63
defines doubles doubles1=49
declare doubles doubles1=11
declares doubles doubles1=90
set doubles doubles1=90
sets doubles doubles1=73
create doubles doubles2=77
creates doubles doubles2=87
define doubles doubles2=73
defines doubles doubles2=53
declare doubles doubles2=41
declares doubles doubles2=26
set doubles doubles2=6
sets doubles doubles2=0
create doubles i=36
creates doubles i=24
define doubles i=10
defines doubles i=79
declare doubles i=93
declares doubles i=54
set doubles i=71
sets doubles i=42
create doubles j=99
creates doubles j=54
define doubles j=42
defines doubles j=40
declare doubles j=36
declares doubles j=5
set doubles j=92
sets doubles j=70
create doubles k=73
creates doubles k=37
define doubles k=39
defines doubles k=11
declare doubles k=2
declares doubles k=51
set doubles k=87
sets doubles k=29
create doubles a=23
creates doubles a=35
define doubles a=0
defines doubles a=50
declare doubles a=1
declares doubles a=17
set doubles a=42
sets doubles a=48
create doubles b=93
creates doubles b=10
define doubles b=40
defines doubles b=60
declare doubles b=9
declares doubles b=77
set doubles b=20
sets doubles b=31
create doubles c=86
creates doubles c=77
define doubles c=95
defines doubles c=23
declare doubles c=89
declares doubles c=42
set doubles c=68
sets doubles c=91
create character character0=33
creates character character0=29
define character character0=79
defines character character0=75
declare character character0=0
declares character character0=93
set character character0=96
sets character character0=87
create character character1=71
creates character character1=6
define character character1=93
defines character character1=79
declare character character1=16
declares character character1=50
set character character1=76
sets character character1=79
create character character2=22
creates character character2=11
define character character2=53
defines character character2=10
declare character character2=94
declares character character2=30
set character character2=28
sets character character2=45
create character i=13
creates character i=46
define character i=87
defines character i=21
declare character i=85
declares character i=21
set character i=18
sets character i=88
create character j=57
creates character j=32
define character j=36
defines character j=73
declare character j=58
declares character j=61
set character j=71
sets character j=27
create character k=40
creates character k=75
define character k=79
defines character k=14
declare character k=30
declares character k=12
set character k=25
sets character k=51
create character a=32
creates character a=80
define character a=51
defines character a=97
declare character a=68
declares character a=19
set character a=31
sets character a=27
create character b=93
creates character b=19
define character b=77
defines character b=31
declare character b=29
declares character b=48
set character b=6
sets character b=17
create character c=86
creates character c=74
define character c=11
defines character c=53
declare character c=47
declares character c=34
set character c=58
sets character c=26
create characters characters0=0
creates characters characters0=4
define characters characters0=53
defines characters characters0=74
declare characters characters0=72
declares characters characters0=25
set characters characters0=90
sets characters characters0=25
create characters characters1=25
creates characters characters1=87
define characters characters1=57
defines characters characters1=32
declare characters characters1=59
declares characters characters1=50
set characters characters1=78
sets characters characters1=6
create characters characters2=67
creates characters characters2=95
define characters characters2=68
defines characters characters2=34
declare characters characters2=88
declares characters characters2=70
set characters characters2=82
sets characters characters2=65
create characters i=94
creates characters i=89
define characters i=12
defines characters i=57
declare characters i=91
declares characters i=78
set characters i=30
sets characters i=27
create characters j=29
creates characters j=2
define characters j=37
defines characters j=66
declare characters j=2
declares characters j=7
set characters j=99
sets characters j=87
create characters k=73
creates characters k=62
define characters k=78
defines characters k=59
declare characters k=73
declares characters k=43
set characters k=34
sets characters k=99
create characters a=37
creates characters a=78
define characters a=21
defines characters a=10
declare characters a=74
declares characters a=15
set characters a=73
sets characters a=85
create characters b=22
creates characters b=67
define characters b=6
defines characters b=52
declare characters b=8
declares characters b=16
set characters b=3
sets characters b=51
create characters c=12
creates characters c=92
define characters c=10
defines characters c=84
declare characters c=15
declares characters c=2
set characters c=27
sets characters c=26
create char char0=15
creates char char0=44
define char char0=84
defines char char0=86
declare char char0=85
declares char char0=12
set char char0=48
sets char char0=87
create char char1=42
creates char char1=5
define char char1=61
defines char char1=57
declare char char1=21
declares char char1=94
set char char1=50
sets char char1=91
create char char2=55
creates char char2=27
define char char2=64
defines char char2=45
declare char char2=0
declares char char2=33
set char char2=84
sets char char2=74
create char i=37
creates char i=56
define char i=92
defines char i=68
declare char i=80
declares char i=81
set char i=99
sets char i=14
create char j=74
creates char j=33
define char j=19
defines char j=76
declare char j=43
declares char j=2
set char j=38
sets char j=88
create char k=29
creates char k=72
define char k=99
defines char k=97
declare char k=50
declares char k=99
set char k=23
sets char k=71
create char a=41
creates char a=79
define char a=85
defines char a=16
declare char a=65
declares char a=20
set char a=84
sets char a=70
create char b=100
creates char b=53
define char b=13
defines char b=54
declare char b=95
declares char b=74
set char b=14
sets char b=54
create char c=92
creates char c=66
define char c=82
defines char c=1
declare char c=67
declares char c=19
set char c=5
sets char c=10
create chars chars0=23
creates chars chars0=38
define chars chars0=72
defines chars chars0=87
declare chars chars0=54
declares chars chars0=64
set chars chars0=31
sets chars chars0=84
create chars chars1=65
creates chars chars1=93
define chars chars1=76
defines chars chars1=62
declare chars chars1=98
declares chars chars1=54
set chars chars1=93
sets chars chars1=63
create chars chars2=16
creates chars chars2=82
define chars chars2=30
defines chars chars2=18
declare chars chars2=57
declares chars chars2=51
set chars chars2=57
sets chars chars2=55
create chars i=39
creates chars i=77
define chars i=39
defines chars i=54
declare chars i=89
declares chars i=14
set chars i=45
sets chars i=89
create chars j=10
creates chars j=53
define chars j=3
defines chars j=37
declare chars j=9
declares chars j=3
set chars j=37
sets chars j=59
create chars k=44
creates chars k=41
define chars k=83
defines chars k=83
declare chars k=21
declares chars k=69
set chars k=67
sets chars k=90
create chars a=78
creates chars a=42
define chars a=6
defines chars a=82
declare chars a=38
declares chars a=36
set chars a=30
sets chars a=55
create chars b=46
creates chars b=38
define chars b=68
defines chars b=16
declare chars b=10
declares chars b=16
set chars b=68
sets chars b=94
create chars c=65
creates chars c=66
define chars c=73
defines chars c=22
declare chars c=12
declares chars c=84
set chars c=99
sets chars c=90
create string string0=5
creates string string0=85
define string string0=28
defines string string0=24
declare string string0=19
declares string string0=76
set string string0=89
sets string string0=21
create string string1=1
creates string string1=80
define string string1=0
defines string string1=63
declare string string1=56
declares string string1=35
set string string1=65
sets string string1=0
create string string2=11
creates string string2=16
define string string2=70
defines string string2=91
declare string string2=85
declares string string2=62
set string string2=39
sets string string2=78
create string i=35
creates string i=70
define string i=83
defines string i=4
declare string i=54
declares string i=50
set string i=83
sets string i=36
create string j=58
creates string j=4
define string j=21
defines string j=5
declare string j=81
declares string j=12
set string j=77
sets string j=31
create string k=36
creates string k=68
define string k=73
defines string k=63
declare string k=16
declares string k=12
set string k=20
sets string k=31
create string a=36
creates string a=83
define string a=47
defines string a=93
declare string a=65
declares string a=62
set string a=93
sets string a=55
create string b=8
creates string b=55
define string b=46
defines string b=55
declare string b=25
declares string b=4
set string b=38
sets string b=70
create string c=2
creates string c=1
define string c=6
defines string c=26
declare string c=22
declares string c=68
set string c=66
sets string c=47
create strings strings0=67
creates strings strings0=32
define strings strings0=65
defines strings strings0=63
declare strings strings0=28
declares strings strings0=89
set strings strings0=99
sets strings strings0=25
create strings strings1=75
creates strings strings1=66
define strings strings1=31
defines strings strings1=8
declare strings strings1=63
declares strings strings1=75
set strings strings1=84
sets strings strings1=92
create strings strings2=62
creates strings strings2=96
define strings strings2=1
defines strings strings2=1
declare strings strings2=88
declares strings strings2=14
set strings strings2=48
sets strings strings2=2
create strings i=95
creates strings i=64
define strings i=1
defines strings i=15
declare strings i=48
declares strings i=70
set strings i=81
sets strings i=65
create strings j=93
creates strings j=65
define strings j=2
defines strings j=69
declare strings j=19
declares strings j=83
set strings j=49
sets strings j=100
create strings k=60
creates strings k=15
define strings k=47
defines strings k=7
declare strings k=98
declares strings k=4
set strings k=1
sets strings k=20
create strings a=72
creates strings a=64
define strings a=98
defines strings a=33
declare strings a=43
declares strings a=8
set strings a=38
sets strings a=47
create strings b=98
creates strings b=63
define strings b=58
defines strings b=87
declare strings b=14
declares strings b=19
set strings b=95
sets strings b=63
create strings c=97
creates strings c=16
define strings c=49
defines strings c=40
declare strings c=89
declares strings c=38
set strings c=33
sets strings c=42
create str str0=90
creates str str0=80
define str str0=47
defines str str0=99
declare str str0=31
declares str str0=46
set str str0=89
sets str str0=99
create str str1=62
creates str str1=37
define str str1=2
defines str str1=73
declare str str1=22
declares str str1=9
set str str1=37
sets str str1=90
create str str2=4
creates str str2=38
define str str2=1
defines str str2=76
declare str str2=34
declares str str2=28
set str str2=97
sets str str2=58
create str i=10
creates str i=33
define str i=5
defines str i=83
declare str i=73
declares str i=15
set str i=5
sets str i=28
create str j=1
creates str j=13
define str j=0
defines str j=18
declare str j=31
declares str j=16
set str j=75
sets str j=62
create str k=89
creates str k=61
define str k=35
defines str k=14
declare str k=25
declares str k=20
set str k=99
sets str k=12
create str a=98
creates str a=31
define str a=5
defines str a=75
declare str a=23
declares str a=85
set str a=43
sets str a=96
create str b=69
creates str b=64
define str b=18
defines str b=43
declare str b=4
declares str b=91
set str b=7
sets str b=30
create str c=52
creates str c=53
define str c=89
defines str c=67
declare str c=87
declares str c=63
set str c=69
sets str c=21
create strs strs0=88
creates strs strs0=30
define strs strs0=76
defines strs strs0=49
declare strs strs0=41
declares strs strs0=26
set strs strs0=90
sets strs strs0=79
create strs strs1=91
creates strs strs1=65
define strs strs1=83
defines strs strs1=66
declare strs strs1=8
declares strs strs1=71
set strs strs1=40
sets strs strs1=61
create strs strs2=8
creates strs strs2=78
define strs strs2=74
defines strs strs2=79
declare strs strs2=19
declares strs strs2=95
set strs strs2=74
sets strs strs2=63
create strs i=62
creates strs i=71
define strs i=69
defines strs i=41
declare strs i=23
declares strs i=83
set strs i=81
sets strs i=44
create strs j=0
creates strs j=65
define strs j=47
defines strs j=62
declare strs j=55
declares strs j=96
set strs j=100
sets strs j=6
create strs k=61
creates strs k=33
define strs k=62
defines strs k=66
declare strs k=10
declares strs k=75
set strs k=68
sets strs k=93
create strs a=69
creates strs a=84
define strs a=65
defines strs a=61
declare strs a=45
declares strs a=80
set strs a=44
sets strs a=42
create strs b=49
creates strs b=59
define strs b=76
defines strs b=11
declare strs b=2
declares strs b=72
set strs b=5
sets strs b=85
create strs c=42
creates strs c=34
define strs c=22
defines strs c=72
declare strs c=7
declares strs c=45
set strs c=55
sets strs c=39
create text text0=80
creates text text0=45
define text text0=58
defines text text0=4
declare text text0=48
declares text text0=94
set text text0=62
sets text text0=65
create text text1=24
creates text text1=43
define text text1=97
defines text text1=54
declare text text1=26
declares text text1=65
set text text1=84
sets text text1=11
create text text2=6
creates text text2=16
define text text2=77
defines text text2=16
declare text text2=97
declares text text2=75
set text text2=100
sets text text2=28
create text i=14
creates text i=38
define text i=5
defines text i=52
declare text i=100
declares text i=75
set text i=34
sets text i=56
create text j=11
creates text j=5
define text j=97
defines text j=28
declare text j=36
declares text j=7
set text j=0
sets text j=33
create text k=66
creates text k=97
define text k=88
defines text k=65
declare text k=1
declares text k=54
set text k=100
sets text k=61
create text a=30
creates text a=43
define text a=39
defines text a=31
declare text a=71
declares text a=42
set text a=34
sets text a=96
create text b=32
creates text b=35
define text b=28
defines text b=76
declare text b=100
declares text b=42
set text b=25
sets text b=34
create text c=90
creates text c=89
define text c=54
defines text c=55
declare text c=56
declares text c=7
set text c=84
sets text c=18
create texts texts0=77
creates texts texts0=68
define texts texts0=35
defines texts texts0=65
declare texts texts0=80
declares texts texts0=70
set texts texts0=91
sets texts texts0=65
create texts texts1=19
creates texts texts1=20
define texts texts1=71
defines texts texts1=95
declare texts texts1=25
declares texts texts1=87
set texts texts1=39
sets texts texts1=39
create texts texts2=7
creates texts texts2=31
define texts texts2=14
defines texts texts2=21
declare texts texts2=7
declares texts texts2=98
set texts texts2=48
sets texts texts2=37
create texts i=10
creates texts i=11
define texts i=83
defines texts i=42
declare texts i=52
declares texts i=22
set texts i=9
sets texts i=59
create texts j=17
creates texts j=3
define texts j=76
defines texts j=56
declare texts j=75
declares texts j=13
set texts j=9
sets texts j=21
create texts k=77
creates texts k=19
define texts k=99
defines texts k=79
declare texts k=98
declares texts k=37
set texts k=35
sets texts k=72
create texts a=38
creates texts a=77
define texts a=6
defines texts a=71
declare texts a=91
declares texts a=70
set texts a=35
sets texts a=86
create texts b=42
creates texts b=43
define texts b=60
defines texts b=96
declare texts b=89
declares texts b=83
set texts b=63
sets texts b=19
create texts c=56
creates texts c=63
define texts c=80
defines texts c=71
declare texts c=79
declares texts c=92
set texts c=62
sets texts c=50
create txt txt0=5
creates txt txt0=18
define txt txt0=64
defines txt txt0=88
declare txt txt0=29
declares txt txt0=42
set txt txt0=74
sets txt txt0=98
create txt txt1=39
creates txt txt1=93
define txt txt1=58
defines txt txt1=87
declare txt txt1=22
declares txt txt1=37
set txt txt1=3
sets txt txt1=28
create txt txt2=33
creates txt txt2=82
define txt txt2=27
defines txt txt2=79
declare txt txt2=1
declares txt txt2=72
set txt txt2=24
sets txt txt2=57
create txt i=52
creates txt i=63
define txt i=77
defines txt i=27
declare txt i=76
declares txt i=76
set txt i=87
sets txt i=65
create txt j=35
creates txt j=3
define txt j=0
defines txt j=13
declare txt j=58
declares txt j=93
set txt j=65
sets txt j=9
create txt k=37
creates txt k=14
define txt k=92
defines txt k=37
declare txt k=52
declares txt k=86
set txt k=83
sets txt k=73
create txt a=54
creates txt a=8
define txt a=7
defines txt a=43
declare txt a=75
declares txt a=84
set txt a=96
sets txt a=52
create txt b=24
creates txt b=91
define txt b=85
defines txt b=17
declare txt b=79
declares txt b=64
set txt b=59
sets txt b=5
create txt c=19
creates txt c=5
define txt c=6
defines txt c=94
declare txt c=17
declares txt c=8
set txt c=35
sets txt c=87
create txts txts0=14
creates txts txts0=22
define txts txts0=68
defines txts txts0=61
declare txts txts0=35
declares txts txts0=52
set txts txts0=59
sets txts txts0=50
create txts txts1=64
creates txts txts1=29
define txts txts1=28
defines txts txts1=50
declare txts txts1=55
declares txts txts1=96
set txts txts1=59
sets txts txts1=73
create txts txts2=8
creates txts txts2=63
define txts txts2=89
defines txts txts2=33
declare txts txts2=39
declares txts txts2=87
set txts txts2=37
sets txts txts2=43
create txts i=37
creates txts i=94
define txts i=50
defines txts i=71
declare txts i=88
declares txts i=62
set txts i=46
sets txts i=46
create txts j=36
creates txts j=81
define txts j=2
defines txts j=47
declare txts j=60
declares txts j=30
set txts j=47
sets txts j=66
create txts k=41
creates txts k=55
define txts k=23
defines txts k=62
declare txts k=73
declares txts k=69
set txts k=54
sets txts k=1
create txts a=2
creates txts a=78
define txts a=52
defines txts a=76
declare txts a=93
declares txts a=93
set txts a=52
sets txts a=71
create txts b=87
creates txts b=18
define txts b=51
defines txts b=2
declare txts b=21
declares txts b=73
set txts b=6
sets txts b=30
create txts c=43
creates txts c=31
define txts c=33
defines txts c=60
declare txts c=34
declares txts c=25
set txts c=84
sets txts c=63
create array array0=49
creates array array0=90
define array array0=83
defines array array0=36
declare array array0=8
declares array array0=97
set array array0=77
sets array array0=33
create array array1=8
creates array array1=93
define array array1=93
defines array array1=94
declare array array1=50
declares array array1=73
set array array1=76
sets array array1=73
create array array2=50
creates array array2=8
define array array2=11
defines array array2=2
declare array array2=47
declares array array2=41
set array array2=81
sets array array2=69
create array i=11
creates array i=19
define array i=10
defines array i=36
declare array i=96
declares array i=85
set array i=72
sets array i=7
create array j=64
creates array j=20
define array j=82
defines array j=62
declare array j=49
declares array j=37
set array j=78
sets array j=20
create array k=92
creates array k=23
define array k=31
defines array k=8
declare array k=88
declares array k=70
set array k=51
sets array k=66
create array a=66
creates array a=14
define array a=84
defines array a=39
declare array a=31
declares array a=25
set array a=19
sets array a=98
create array b=100
creates array b=79
define array b=11
defines array b=87
declare array b=21
declares array b=82
set array b=57
sets array b=46
create array c=61
creates array c=99
define array c=16
defines array c=81
declare array c=49
declares array c=94
set array c=30
sets array c=97
create arrays arrays0=9
creates arrays arrays0=77
define arrays arrays0=10
defines arrays arrays0=26
declare arrays arrays0=93
declares arrays arrays0=29
set arrays arrays0=94
sets arrays arrays0=31
create arrays arrays1=8
creates arrays arrays1=42
define arrays arrays1=40
defines arrays arrays1=22
declare arrays arrays1=41
declares arrays arrays1=45
set arrays arrays1=90
sets arrays arrays1=95
create arrays arrays2=72
creates arrays arrays2=95
define arrays arrays2=4
defines arrays arrays2=53
declare arrays arrays2=47
declares arrays arrays2=76
set arrays arrays2=0
sets arrays arrays2=63
create arrays i=85
creates arrays i=6
define arrays i=8
defines arrays i=15
declare arrays i=38
declares arrays i=49
set arrays i=11
sets arrays i=54
create arrays j=70
creates arrays j=71
define arrays j=46
defines arrays j=37
declare arrays j=43
declares arrays j=98
set arrays j=87
sets arrays j=59
create arrays k=57
creates arrays k=76
define arrays k=80
defines arrays k=92
declare arrays k=65
declares arrays k=58
set arrays k=53
sets arrays k=52
create arrays a=79
creates arrays a=16
define arrays a=30
defines arrays a=68
declare arrays a=27
declares arrays a=71
set arrays a=58
sets arrays a=72
create arrays b=62
creates arrays b=23
define arrays b=16
defines arrays b=12
declare arrays b=81
declares arrays b=9
set arrays b=87
sets arrays b=37
create arrays c=80
creates arrays c=76
define arrays c=64
defines arrays c=93
declare arrays c=32
declares arrays c=100
set arrays c=33
sets arrays c=34
create list list0=97
creates list list0=55
define list list0=49
defines list list0=70
declare list list0=78
declares list list0=39
set list list0=27
sets list list0=94
create list list1=71
creates list list1=63
define list list1=8
defines list list1=4
declare list list1=1
declares list list1=92
set list list1=70
sets list list1=73
create list list2=23
creates list list2=46
define list list2=59
defines list list2=59
declare list list2=90
declares list list2=28
set list list2=93
sets list list2=46
create list i=83
creates list i=78
define list i=24
defines list i=73
declare list i=49
declares list i=14
set list i=89
sets list i=48
create list j=27
creates list j=63
define list j=65
defines list j=42
declare list j=81
declares list j=0
set list j=41
sets list j=82
create list k=46
creates list k=19
define list k=2
defines list k=50
declare list k=50
declares list k=12
set list k=69
sets list k=77
create list a=66
creates list a=20
define list a=10
defines list a=7
declare list a=9
declares list a=60
set list a=10
sets list a=40
create list b=42
creates list b=31
define list b=10
defines list b=99
declare list b=38
declares list b=12
set list b=0
sets list b=74
create list c=35
creates list c=19
define list c=4
defines list c=16
declare list c=41
declares list c=76
set list c=15
sets list c=73
create lists lists0=99
creates lists lists0=44
define lists lists0=76
defines lists lists0=32
declare lists lists0=84
declares lists lists0=42
set lists lists0=18
sets lists lists0=0
create lists lists1=0
creates lists lists1=100
define lists lists1=47
defines lists lists1=21
declare lists lists1=63
declares lists lists1=26
set lists lists1=99
sets lists lists1=73
create lists lists2=11
creates lists lists2=9
define lists lists2=54
defines lists lists2=20
declare lists lists2=42
declares lists lists2=49
set lists lists2=4
sets lists lists2=16
create lists i=72
creates lists i=34
define lists i=27
defines lists i=95
declare lists i=0
declares lists i=84
set lists i=43
sets lists i=75
create lists j=12
creates lists j=49
define lists j=87
defines lists j=0
declare lists j=65
declares lists j=83
set lists j=55
sets lists j=86
create lists k=64
creates lists k=13
define lists k=91
defines lists k=36
declare lists k=48
declares lists k=43
set lists k=14
sets lists k=50
create lists a=58
creates lists a=52
define lists a=19
defines lists a=46
declare lists a=36
declares lists a=90
set lists a=73
sets lists a=37
create lists b=6
creates lists b=17
define lists b=3
defines lists b=11
declare lists b=78
declares lists b=15
set lists b=49
sets lists b=35
create lists c=67
creates lists c=27
define lists c=75
defines lists c=84
declare lists c=52
declares lists c=9
set lists c=76
sets lists c=92
create vector vector0=6
creates vector vector0=53
define vector vector0=12
defines vector vector0=85
declare vector vector0=91
declares vector vector0=27
set vector vector0=82
sets vector vector0=15
create vector vector1=97
creates vector vector1=28
define vector vector1=44
defines vector vector1=7
declare vector vector1=59
declares vector vector1=26
set vector vector1=63
sets vector vector1=99
create vector vector2=77
creates vector vector2=46
define vector vector2=64
defines vector vector2=46
declare vector vector2=18
declares vector vector2=84
set vector vector2=4
sets vector vector2=35
create vector i=84
creates vector i=20
define vector i=2
defines vector i=59
declare vector i=57
declares vector i=57
set vector i=53
sets vector i=5
create vector j=39
creates vector j=84
define vector j=51
defines vector j=58
declare vector j=16
declares vector j=15
set vector j=49
sets vector j=78
create vector k=47
creates vector k=96
define vector k=43
defines vector k=19
declare vector k=11
declares vector k=95
set vector k=46
sets vector k=1
create vector a=50
creates vector a=63
define vector a=62
defines vector a=3
declare vector a=7
declares vector a=45
set vector a=70
sets vector a=75
create vector b=14
creates vector b=23
define vector b=84
defines vector b=36
declare vector b=86
declares vector b=60
set vector b=83
sets vector b=81
create vector c=86
creates vector c=27
define vector c=77
defines vector c=91
declare vector c=82
declares vector c=25
set vector c=31
sets vector c=89
create vectors vectors0=23
creates vectors vectors0=62
define vectors vectors0=57
defines vectors vectors0=48
declare vectors vectors0=47
declares vectors vectors0=96
set vectors vectors0=38
sets vectors vectors0=93
create vectors vectors1=34
creates vectors vectors1=56
define vectors vectors1=11
defines vectors vectors1=72
declare vectors vectors1=1
declares vectors vectors1=3
set vectors vectors1=97
sets vectors vectors1=64
create vectors vectors2=51
creates vectors vectors2=5
define vectors vectors2=81
defines vectors vectors2=12
declare vectors vectors2=68
declares vectors vectors2=100
set vectors vectors2=60
sets vectors vectors2=62
create vectors i=30
creates vectors i=7
define vectors i=91
defines vectors i=40
declare vectors i=0
declares vectors i=93
set vectors i=3
sets vectors i=59
create vectors j=40
creates vectors j=16
define vectors j=44
defines vectors j=53
declare vectors j=55
declares vectors j=29
set vectors j=19
sets vectors j=7
create vectors k=33
creates vectors k=45
define vectors k=20
defines vectors k=56
declare vectors k=37
declares vectors k=0
set vectors k=60
sets vectors k=3
create vectors a=66
creates vectors a=4
define vectors a=83
defines vectors a=88
declare vectors a=81
declares vectors a=54
set vectors a=97
sets vectors a=33
create vectors b=70
creates vectors b=88
define vectors b=27
defines vectors b=20
declare vectors b=14
declares vectors b=68
set vectors b=77
sets vectors b=94
create vectors c=79
creates vectors c=21
define vectors c=24
defines vectors c=3
declare vectors c=21
declares vectors c=36
set vectors c=14
sets vectors c=100
create boolean boolean0=98
creates boolean boolean0=97
define boolean boolean0=23
defines boolean boolean0=12
declare boolean boolean0=22
declares boolean boolean0=84
set boolean boolean0=29
sets boolean boolean0=55
create boolean boolean1=40
creates boolean boolean1=5
define boolean boolean1=1
defines boolean boolean1=26
declare boolean boolean1=94
declares boolean boolean1=37
set boolean boolean1=85
sets boolean boolean1=50
create boolean boolean2=15
creates boolean boolean2=13
define boolean boolean2=65
defines boolean boolean2=46
declare boolean boolean2=64
declares boolean boolean2=0
set boolean boolean2=98
sets boolean boolean2=18
create boolean i=95
creates boolean i=5
define boolean i=36
defines boolean i=45
declare boolean i=27
declares boolean i=66
set boolean i=74
sets boolean i=84
create boolean j=40
creates boolean j=3
define boolean j=79
defines boolean j=44
declare boolean j=72
declares boolean j=0
set boolean j=74
sets boolean j=43
create boolean k=96
creates boolean k=38
define boolean k=56
defines boolean k=87
declare boolean k=99
declares boolean k=87
set boolean k=37
sets boolean k=53
create boolean a=25
creates boolean a=92
define boolean a=83
defines boolean a=3
declare boolean a=83
declares boolean a=1
set boolean a=83
sets boolean a=35
create boolean b=73
creates boolean b=7
define boolean b=26
defines boolean b=73
declare boolean b=40
declares boolean b=37
set boolean b=21
sets boolean b=45
create boolean c=17
creates boolean c=9
define boolean c=76
defines boolean c=84
declare boolean c=19
declares boolean c=65
set boolean c=94
sets boolean c=51
create booleans booleans0=3
creates booleans booleans0=86
define booleans booleans0=78
defines booleans booleans0=80
declare booleans booleans0=28
declares booleans booleans0=35
set booleans booleans0=27
sets booleans booleans0=73
create booleans booleans1=0
creates booleans booleans1=3
define booleans booleans1=77
defines booleans booleans1=28
declare booleans booleans1=4
declares booleans booleans1=81
set booleans booleans1=56
sets booleans booleans1=1
create booleans booleans2=14
creates booleans booleans2=86
define booleans booleans2=36
defines booleans booleans2=41
declare booleans booleans2=84
declares booleans booleans2=59
set booleans booleans2=65
sets booleans booleans2=8
create booleans i=66
creates booleans i=41
define booleans i=23
defines booleans i=36
declare booleans i=39
declares booleans i=55
set booleans i=85
sets booleans i=47
create booleans j=55
creates booleans j=41
define booleans j=39
defines booleans j=46
declare booleans j=24
declares booleans j=72
set booleans j=92
sets booleans j=48
create booleans k=19
creates booleans k=7
define booleans k=20
defines booleans k=59
declare booleans k=34
declares booleans k=90
set booleans k=93
sets booleans k=45
create booleans a=67
creates booleans a=46
define booleans a=13
defines booleans a=37
declare booleans a=13
declares booleans a=57
set booleans a=24
sets booleans a=10
create booleans b=64
creates booleans b=16
define booleans b=19
defines booleans b=37
declare booleans b=26
declares booleans b=47
set booleans b=61
sets booleans b=63
create booleans c=4
creates booleans c=83
define booleans c=57
defines booleans c=38
declare booleans c=77
declares booleans c=24
set booleans c=64
sets booleans c=35
create bool bool0=64
creates bool bool0=100
define bool bool0=21
defines bool bool0=52
declare bool bool0=48
declares bool bool0=66
set bool bool0=87
sets bool bool0=40
create bool bool1=48
creates bool bool1=81
define bool bool1=66
defines bool bool1=82
declare bool bool1=85
declares bool bool1=50
set bool bool1=45
sets bool bool1=54
create bool bool2=47
creates bool bool2=59
define bool bool2=42
defines bool bool2=48
declare bool bool2=66
declares bool bool2=68
set bool bool2=49
sets bool bool2=84
create bool i=47
creates bool i=76
define bool i=44
defines bool i=36
declare bool i=63
declares bool i=72
set bool i=70
sets bool i=14
create bool j=98
creates bool j=83
define bool j=90
defines bool j=12
declare bool j=0
declares bool j=61
set bool j=41
sets bool j=8
create bool k=61
creates bool k=7
define bool k=33
defines bool k=60
declare bool k=78
declares bool k=48
set bool k=69
sets bool k=15
create bool a=73
creates bool a=59
define bool a=57
defines bool a=62
declare bool a=83
declares bool a=24
set bool a=84
sets bool a=64
create bool b=40
creates bool b=59
define bool b=82
defines bool b=74
declare bool b=78
declares bool b=21
set bool b=33
sets bool b=11
create bool c=10
creates bool c=4
define bool c=81
defines bool c=56
declare bool c=27
declares bool c=63
set bool c=44
sets bool c=80
create bools bools0=65
creates bools bools0=38
define bools bools0=70
defines bools bools0=42
declare bools bools0=47
declares bools bools0=40
set bools bools0=10
sets bools bools0=18
create bools bools1=35
creates bools bools1=99
define bools bools1=4
defines bools bools1=17
declare bools bools1=44
declares bools bools1=83
set bools bools1=86
sets bools bools1=73
create bools bools2=14
creates bools bools2=40
define bools bools2=66
defines bools bools2=60
declare bools bools2=91
declares bools bools2=88
set bools bools2=39
sets bools bools2=67
create bools i=51
creates bools i=92
define bools i=20
defines bools i=73
declare bools i=90
declares bools i=92
set bools i=63
sets bools i=24
create bools j=11
creates bools j=98
define bools j=21
defines bools j=72
declare bools j=32
declares bools j=5
set bools j=28
sets bools j=76
create bools k=79
creates bools k=36
define bools k=54
defines bools k=90
declare bools k=75
declares bools k=68
set bools k=11
sets bools k=77
create bools a=0
creates bools a=18
define bools a=84
defines bools a=95
declare bools a=76
declares bools a=52
set bools a=83
sets bools a=100
create bools b=16
creates bools b=24
define bools b=63
defines bools b=64
declare bools b=93
declares bools b=60
set bools b=20
sets bools b=91
create bools c=69
creates bools c=99
define bools c=79
defines bools c=86
declare bools c=96
declares bools c=24
set bools c=7
sets bools c=79
create class class0=0
creates class class0=37
define class class0=73
defines class class0=18
declare class class0=4
declares class class0=13
set class class0=29
sets class class0=94
create class class1=44
creates class class1=35
define class class1=18
defines class class1=77
declare class class1=80
declares class class1=71
set class class1=76
sets class class1=62
create class class2=91
creates class class2=18
define class class2=19
defines class class2=3
declare class class2=15
declares class class2=21
set class class2=15
sets class class2=82
create class i=46
creates class i=2
define class i=53
defines class i=14
declare class i=88
declares class i=89
set class i=31
sets class i=43
create class j=43
creates class j=70
define class j=18
defines class j=45
declare class j=49
declares class j=54
set class j=83
sets class j=54
create class k=66
creates class k=2
define class k=13
defines class k=96
declare class k=62
declares class k=16
set class k=5
sets class k=34
create class a=92
creates class a=12
define class a=12
defines class a=17
declare class a=42
declares class a=42
set class a=7
sets class a=87
create class b=33
creates class b=10
define class b=28
defines class b=6
declare class b=66
declares class b=31
set class b=98
sets class b=87
create class c=28
creates class c=52
define class c=40
defines class c=100
declare class c=99
declares class c=48
set class c=26
sets class c=47
create classes classes0=16
creates classes classes0=13
define classes classes0=88
defines classes classes0=26
declare classes classes0=1
declares classes classes0=38
set classes classes0=70
sets classes classes0=16
create classes classes1=5
creates classes classes1=89
define classes classes1=84
defines classes classes1=32
declare classes classes1=80
declares classes classes1=75
set classes classes1=49
sets classes classes1=41
create classes classes2=27
creates classes classes2=88
define classes classes2=57
defines classes classes2=67
declare classes classes2=67
declares classes classes2=55
set classes classes2=33
sets classes classes2=31
create classes i=69
creates classes i=44
define classes i=14
defines classes i=43
declare classes i=93
declares classes i=90
set classes i=25
sets classes i=37
create classes j=21
creates classes j=47
define classes j=9
defines classes j=22
declare classes j=8
declares classes j=33
set classes j=75
sets classes j=74
create classes k=1
creates classes k=46
define classes k=8
defines classes k=31
declare classes k=38
declares classes k=54
set classes k=14
sets classes k=57
create classes a=94
creates classes a=38
define classes a=18
defines classes a=45
declare classes a=83
declares classes a=67
set classes a=13
sets classes a=80
create classes b=76
creates classes b=51
define classes b=73
defines classes b=44
declare classes b=30
declares classes b=34
set classes b=6
sets classes b=94
create classes c=73
creates classes c=26
define classes c=39
defines classes c=23
declare classes c=0
declares classes c=86
set classes c=9
sets classes c=75
create void void0=29
creates void void0=65
define void void0=23
defines void void0=27
declare void void0=88
declares void void0=74
set void void0=71
sets void void0=61
create void void1=19
creates void void1=30
define void void1=75
defines void void1=6
declare void void1=96
declares void void1=64
set void void1=24
sets void void1=71
create void void2=69
creates void void2=33
define void void2=47
defines void void2=46
declare void void2=44
declares void void2=25
set void void2=30
sets void void2=11
create void i=97
creates void i=47
define void i=10
defines void i=62
declare void i=26
declares void i=8
set void i=87
sets void i=78
create void j=30
creates void j=79
define void j=39
defines void j=16
declare void j=40
declares void j=60
set void j=94
sets void j=21
create void k=22
creates void k=74
define void k=21
defines void k=89
declare void k=24
declares void k=22
set void k=58
sets void k=48
create void a=37
creates void a=65
define void a=73
defines void a=62
declare void a=17
declares void a=33
set void a=76
sets void a=61
create void b=52
creates void b=19
define void b=85
defines void b=85
declare void b=58
declares void b=85
set void b=63
sets void b=39
create void c=69
creates void c=4
define void c=97
defines void c=27
declare void c=99
declares void c=47
set void c=23
sets void c=71
create voids voids0=42
creates voids voids0=55
define voids voids0=57
defines voids voids0=9
declare voids voids0=19
declares voids voids0=18
set voids voids0=88
sets voids voids0=42
create voids voids1=14
creates voids voids1=71
define voids voids1=41
defines voids voids1=36
declare voids voids1=9
declares voids voids1=40
set voids voids1=19
sets voids voids1=91
create voids voids2=67
creates voids voids2=81
define voids voids2=92
defines voids voids2=0
declare voids voids2=76
declares voids voids2=16
set voids voids2=70
sets voids voids2=34
create voids i=3
creates voids i=36
define voids i=85
defines voids i=23
declare voids i=36
declares voids i=67
set voids i=15
sets voids i=35
create voids j=98
creates voids j=92
define voids j=34
defines voids j=76
declare voids j=74
declares voids j=94
set voids j=35
sets voids j=51
create voids k=23
creates voids k=17
define voids k=30
defines voids k=54
declare voids k=41
declares voids k=93
set voids k=74
sets voids k=38
create voids a=35
creates voids a=11
define voids a=50
defines voids a=60
declare voids a=44
declares voids a=15
set voids a=92
sets voids a=19
create voids b=78
creates voids b=94
define voids b=21
defines voids b=13
declare voids b=3
declares voids b=63
set voids b=9
sets voids b=19
create voids c=1
creates voids c=52
define voids c=80
defines voids c=62
declare voids c=2
declares voids c=94
set voids c=59
sets voids c=88
create global integer integer0
creates global integer integer0
define global integer integer0
defines global integer integer0
declare global integer integer0
declares global integer integer0
set global integer integer0
sets global integer integer0
create local integer integer0
creates local integer integer0
define local integer integer0
defines local integer integer0
declare local integer integer0
declares local integer integer0
set local integer integer0
sets local integer integer0
create integer integer0
creates integer integer0
define integer integer0
defines integer integer0
declare integer integer0
declares integer integer0
set integer integer0
sets integer integer0
create global integer integer1
creates global integer integer1
define global integer integer1
defines global integer integer1
declare global integer integer1
declares global integer integer1
set global integer integer1
sets global integer integer1
create local integer integer1
creates local integer integer1
define local integer integer1
defines local integer integer1
declare local integer integer1
declares local integer integer1
set local integer integer1
sets local integer integer1
create integer integer1
creates integer integer1
define integer integer1
defines integer integer1
declare integer integer1
declares integer integer1
set integer integer1
sets integer integer1
create global integer integer2
creates global integer integer2
define global integer integer2
defines global integer integer2
declare global integer integer2
declares global integer integer2
set global integer integer2
sets global integer integer2
create local integer integer2
creates local integer integer2
define local integer integer2
defines local integer integer2
declare local integer integer2
declares local integer integer2
set local integer integer2
sets local integer integer2
create integer integer2
creates integer integer2
define integer integer2
defines integer integer2
declare integer integer2
declares integer integer2
set integer integer2
sets integer integer2
create global integer i
creates global integer i
define global integer i
defines global integer i
declare global integer i
declares global integer i
set global integer i
sets global integer i
create local integer i
creates local integer i
define local integer i
defines local integer i
declare local integer i
declares local integer i
set local integer i
sets local integer i
create integer i
creates integer i
define integer i
defines integer i
declare integer i
declares integer i
set integer i
sets integer i
create global integer j
creates global integer j
define global integer j
defines global integer j
declare global integer j
declares global integer j
set global integer j
sets global integer j
create local integer j
creates local integer j
define local integer j
defines local integer j
declare local integer j
declares local integer j
set local integer j
sets local integer j
create integer j
creates integer j
define integer j
defines integer j
declare integer j
declares integer j
set integer j
sets integer j
create global integer k
creates global integer k
define global integer k
defines global integer k
declare global integer k
declares global integer k
set global integer k
sets global integer k
create local integer k
creates local integer k
define local integer k
defines local integer k
declare local integer k
declares local integer k
set local integer k
sets local integer k
create integer k
creates integer k
define integer k
defines integer k
declare integer k
declares integer k
set integer k
sets integer k
create global integer a
creates global integer a
define global integer a
defines global integer a
declare global integer a
declares global integer a
set global integer a
sets global integer a
create local integer a
creates local integer a
define local integer a
defines local integer a
declare local integer a
declares local integer a
set local integer a
sets local integer a
create integer a
creates integer a
define integer a
defines integer a
declare integer a
declares integer a
set integer a
sets integer a
create global integer b
creates global integer b
define global integer b
defines global integer b
declare global integer b
declares global integer b
set global integer b
sets global integer b
create local integer b
creates local integer b
define local integer b
defines local integer b
declare local integer b
declares local integer b
set local integer b
sets local integer b
create integer b
creates integer b
define integer b
defines integer b
declare integer b
declares integer b
set integer b
sets integer b
create global integer c
creates global integer c
define global integer c
defines global integer c
declare global integer c
declares global integer c
set global integer c
sets global integer c
create local integer c
creates local integer c
define local integer c
defines local integer c
declare local integer c
declares local integer c
set local integer c
sets local integer c
create integer c
creates integer c
define integer c
defines integer c
declare integer c
declares integer c
set integer c
sets integer c
create global integers integers0
creates global integers integers0
define global integers integers0
defines global integers integers0
declare global integers integers0
declares global integers integers0
set global integers integers0
sets global integers integers0
create local integers integers0
creates local integers integers0
define local integers integers0
defines local integers integers0
declare local integers integers0
declares local integers integers0
set local integers integers0
sets local integers integers0
create integers integers0
creates integers integers0
define integers integers0
defines integers integers0
declare integers integers0
declares integers integers0
set integers integers0
sets integers integers0
create global integers integers1
creates global integers integers1
define global integers integers1
defines global integers integers1
declare global integers integers1
declares global integers integers1
set global integers integers1
sets global integers integers1
create local integers integers1
creates local integers integers1
define local integers integers1
defines local integers integers1
declare local integers integers1
declares local integers integers1
set local integers integers1
sets local integers integers1
create integers integers1
creates integers integers1
define integers integers1
defines integers integers1
declare integers integers1
declares integers integers1
set integers integers1
sets integers integers1
create global integers integers2
creates global integers integers2
define global integers integers2
defines global integers integers2
declare global integers integers2
declares global integers integers2
set global integers integers2
sets global integers integers2
create local integers integers2
creates local integers integers2
define local integers integers2
defines local integers integers2
declare local integers integers2
declares local integers integers2
set local integers integers2
sets local integers integers2
create integers integers2
creates integers integers2
define integers integers2
defines integers integers2
declare integers integers2
declares integers integers2
set integers integers2
sets integers integers2
create global integers i
creates global integers i
define global integers i
defines global integers i
declare global integers i
declares global integers i
set global integers i
sets global integers i
create local integers i
creates local integers i
define local integers i
defines local integers i
declare local integers i
declares local integers i
set local integers i
sets local integers i
create integers i
creates integers i
define integers i
defines integers i
declare integers i
declares integers i
set integers i
sets integers i
create global integers j
creates global integers j
define global integers j
defines global integers j
declare global integers j
declares global integers j
set global integers j
sets global integers j
create local integers j
creates local integers j
define local integers j
defines local integers j
declare local integers j
declares local integers j
set local integers j
sets local integers j
create integers j
creates integers j
define integers j
defines integers j
declare integers j
declares integers j
set integers j
sets integers j
create global integers k
creates global integers k
define global integers k
defines global integers k
declare global integers k
declares global integers k
set global integers k
sets global integers k
create local integers k
creates local integers k
define local integers k
defines local integers k
declare local integers k
declares local integers k
set local integers k
sets local integers k
create integers k
creates integers k
define integers k
defines integers k
declare integers k
declares integers k
set integers k
sets integers k
create global integers a
creates global integers a
define global integers a
defines global integers a
declare global integers a
declares global integers a
set global integers a
sets global integers a
create local integers a
creates local integers a
define local integers a
defines local integers a
declare local integers a
declares local integers a
set local integers a
sets local integers a
create integers a
creates integers a
define integers a
defines integers a
declare integers a
declares integers a
set integers a
sets integers a
create global integers b
creates global integers b
define global integers b
defines global integers b
declare global integers b
declares global integers b
set global integers b
sets global integers b
create local integers b
creates local integers b
define local integers b
defines local integers b
declare local integers b
declares local integers b
set local integers b
sets local integers b
create integers b
creates integers b
define integers b
defines integers b
declare integers b
declares integers b
set integers b
sets integers b
create global integers c
creates global integers c
define global integers c
defines global integers c
declare global integers c
declares global integers c
set global integers c
sets global integers c
create local integers c
creates local integers c
define local integers c
defines local integers c
declare local integers c
declares local integers c
set local integers c
sets local integers c
create integers c
creates integers c
define integers c
defines integers c
declare integers c
declares integers c
set integers c
sets integers c
create global int int0
creates global int int0
define global int int0
defines global int int0
declare global int int0
declares global int int0
set global int int0
sets global int int0
create local int int0
creates local int int0
define local int int0
defines local int int0
declare local int int0
declares local int int0
set local int int0
sets local int int0
create int int0
creates int int0
define int int0
defines int int0
declare int int0
declares int int0
set int int0
sets int int0
create global int int1
creates global int int1
define global int int1
defines global int int1
declare global int int1
declares global int int1
set global int int1
sets global int int1
create local int int1
creates local int int1
define local int int1
defines local int int1
declare local int int1
declares local int int1
set local int int1
sets local int int1
create int int1
creates int int1
define int int1
defines int int1
declare int int1
declares int int1
set int int1
sets int int1
create global int int2
creates global int int2
define global int int2
defines global int int2
declare global int int2
declares global int int2
set global int int2
sets global int int2
create local int int2
creates local int int2
define local int int2
defines local int int2
declare local int int2
declares local int int2
set local int int2
sets local int int2
create int int2
creates int int2
define int int2
defines int int2
declare int int2
declares int int2
set int int2
sets int int2
create global int i
creates global int i
define global int i
defines global int i
declare global int i
declares global int i
set global int i
sets global int i
create local int i
creates local int i
define local int i
defines local int i
declare local int i
declares local int i
set local int i
sets local int i
create int i
creates int i
define int i
defines int i
declare int i
declares int i
set int i
sets int i
create global int j
creates global int j
define global int j
defines global int j
declare global int j
declares global int j
set global int j
sets global int j
create local int j
creates local int j
define local int j
defines local int j
declare local int j
declares local int j
set local int j
sets local int j
create int j
creates int j
define int j
defines int j
declare int j
declares int j
set int j
sets int j
create global int k
creates global int k
define global int k
defines global int k
declare global int k
declares global int k
set global int k
sets global int k
create local int k
creates local int k
define local int k
defines local int k
declare local int k
declares local int k
set local int k
sets local int k
create int k
creates int k
define int k
defines int k
declare int k
declares int k
set int k
sets int k
create global int a
creates global int a
define global int a
defines global int a
declare global int a
declares global int a
set global int a
sets global int a
create local int a
creates local int a
define local int a
defines local int a
declare local int a
declares local int a
set local int a
sets local int a
create int a
creates int a
define int a
defines int a
declare int a
declares int a
set int a
sets int a
create global int b
creates global int b
define global int b
defines global int b
declare global int b
declares global int b
set global int b
sets global int b
create local int b
creates local int b
define local int b
defines local int b
declare local int b
declares local int b
set local int b
sets local int b
create int b
creates int b
define int b
defines int b
declare int b
declares int b
set int b
sets int b
create global int c
creates global int c
define global int c
defines global int c
declare global int c
declares global int c
set global int c
sets global int c
create local int c
creates local int c
define local int c
defines local int c
declare local int c
declares local int c
set local int c
sets local int c
create int c
creates int c
define int c
defines int c
declare int c
declares int c
set int c
sets int c
create global ints ints0
creates global ints ints0
define global ints ints0
defines global ints ints0
declare global ints ints0
declares global ints ints0
set global ints ints0
sets global ints ints0
create local ints ints0
creates local ints ints0
define local ints ints0
defines local ints ints0
declare local ints ints0
declares local ints ints0
set local ints ints0
sets local ints ints0
create ints ints0
creates ints ints0
define ints ints0
defines ints ints0
declare ints ints0
declares ints ints0
set ints ints0
sets ints ints0
create global ints ints1
creates global ints ints1
define global ints ints1
defines global ints ints1
declare global ints ints1
declares global ints ints1
set global ints ints1
sets global ints ints1
create local ints ints1
creates local ints ints1
define local ints ints1
defines local ints ints1
declare local ints ints1
declares local ints ints1
set local ints ints1
sets local ints ints1
create ints ints1
creates ints ints1
define ints ints1
defines ints ints1
declare ints ints1
declares ints ints1
set ints ints1
sets ints ints1
create global ints ints2
creates global ints ints2
define global ints ints2
defines global ints ints2
declare global ints ints2
declares global ints ints2
set global ints ints2
sets global ints ints2
create local ints ints2
creates local ints ints2
define local ints ints2
defines local ints ints2
declare local ints ints2
declares local ints ints2
set local ints ints2
sets local ints ints2
create ints ints2
creates ints ints2
define ints ints2
defines ints ints2
declare ints ints2
declares ints ints2
set ints ints2
sets ints ints2
create global ints i
creates global ints i
define global ints i
defines global ints i
declare global ints i
declares global ints i
set global ints i
sets global ints i
create local ints i
creates local ints i
define local ints i
defines local ints i
declare local ints i
declares local ints i
set local ints i
sets local ints i
create ints i
creates ints i
define ints i
defines ints i
declare ints i
declares ints i
set ints i
sets ints i
create global ints j
creates global ints j
define global ints j
defines global ints j
declare global ints j
declares global ints j
set global ints j
sets global ints j
create local ints j
creates local ints j
define local ints j
defines local ints j
declare local ints j
declares local ints j
set local ints j
sets local ints j
create ints j
creates ints j
define ints j
defines ints j
declare ints j
declares ints j
set ints j
sets ints j
create global ints k
creates global ints k
define global ints k
defines global ints k
declare global ints k
declares global ints k
set global ints k
sets global ints k
create local ints k
creates local ints k
define local ints k
defines local ints k
declare local ints k
declares local ints k
set local ints k
sets local ints k
create ints k
creates ints k
define ints k
defines ints k
declare ints k
declares ints k
set ints k
sets ints k
create global ints a
creates global ints a
define global ints a
defines global ints a
declare global ints a
declares global ints a
set global ints a
sets global ints a
create local ints a
creates local ints a
define local ints a
defines local ints a
declare local ints a
declares local ints a
set local ints a
sets local ints a
create ints a
creates ints a
define ints a
defines ints a
declare ints a
declares ints a
set ints a
sets ints a
create global ints b
creates global ints b
define global ints b
defines global ints b
declare global ints b
declares global ints b
set global ints b
sets global ints b
create local ints b
creates local ints b
define local ints b
defines local ints b
declare local ints b
declares local ints b
set local ints b
sets local ints b
create ints b
creates ints b
define ints b
defines ints b
declare ints b
declares ints b
set ints b
sets ints b
create global ints c
creates global ints c
define global ints c
defines global ints c
declare global ints c
declares global ints c
set global ints c
sets global ints c
create local ints c
creates local ints c
define local ints c
defines local ints c
declare local ints c
declares local ints c
set local ints c
sets local ints c
create ints c
creates ints c
define ints c
defines ints c
declare ints c
declares ints c
set ints c
sets ints c
create global float float0
creates global float float0
define global float float0
defines global float float0
declare global float float0
declares global float float0
set global float float0
sets global float float0
create local float float0
creates local float float0
define local float float0
defines local float float0
declare local float float0
declares local float float0
set local float float0
sets local float float0
create float float0
creates float float0
define float float0
defines float float0
declare float float0
declares float float0
set float float0
sets float float0
create global float float1
creates global float float1
define global float float1
defines global float float1
declare global float float1
declares global float float1
set global float float1
sets global float float1
create local float float1
creates local float float1
define local float float1
defines local float float1
declare local float float1
declares local float float1
set local float float1
sets local float float1
create float float1
creates float float1
define float float1
defines float float1
declare float float1
declares float float1
set float float1
sets float float1
create global float float2
creates global float float2
define global float float2
defines global float float2
declare global float float2
declares global float float2
set global float float2
sets global float float2
create local float float2
creates local float float2
define local float float2
defines local float float2
declare local float float2
declares local float float2
set local float float2
sets local float float2
create float float2
creates float float2
define float float2
defines float float2
declare float float2
declares float float2
set float float2
sets float float2
create global float i
creates global float i
define global float i
defines global float i
declare global float i
declares global float i
set global float i
sets global float i
create local float i
creates local float i
define local float i
defines local float i
declare local float i
declares local float i
set local float i
sets local float i
create float i
creates float i
define float i
defines float i
declare float i
declares float i
set float i
sets float i
create global float j
creates global float j
define global float j
defines global float j
declare global float j
declares global float j
set global float j
sets global float j
create local float j
creates local float j
define local float j
defines local float j
declare local float j
declares local float j
set local float j
sets local float j
create float j
creates float j
define float j
defines float j
declare float j
declares float j
set float j
sets float j
create global float k
creates global float k
define global float k
defines global float k
declare global float k
declares global float k
set global float k
sets global float k
create local float k
creates local float k
define local float k
defines local float k
declare local float k
declares local float k
set local float k
sets local float k
create float k
creates float k
define float k
defines float k
declare float k
declares float k
set float k
sets float k
create global float a
creates global float a
define global float a
defines global float a
declare global float a
declares global float a
set global float a
sets global float a
create local float a
creates local float a
define local float a
defines local float a
declare local float a
declares local float a
set local float a
sets local float a
create float a
creates float a
define float a
defines float a
declare float a
declares float a
set float a
sets float a
create global float b
creates global float b
define global float b
defines global float b
declare global float b
declares global float b
set global float b
sets global float b
create local float b
creates local float b
define local float b
defines local float b
declare local float b
declares local float b
set local float b
sets local float b
create float b
creates float b
define float b
defines float b
declare float b
declares float b
set float b
sets float b
create global float c
creates global float c
define global float c
defines global float c
declare global float c
declares global float c
set global float c
sets global float c
create local float c
creates local float c
define local float c
defines local float c
declare local float c
declares local float c
set local float c
sets local float c
create float c
creates float c
define float c
defines float c
declare float c
declares float c
set float c
sets float c
create global floats floats0
creates global floats floats0
define global floats floats0
defines global floats floats0
declare global floats floats0
declares global floats floats0
set global floats floats0
sets global floats floats0
create local floats floats0
creates local floats floats0
define local floats floats0
defines local floats floats0
declare local floats floats0
declares local floats floats0
set local floats floats0
sets local floats floats0
create floats floats0
creates floats floats0
define floats floats0
defines floats floats0
declare floats floats0
declares floats floats0
set floats floats0
sets floats floats0
create global floats floats1
creates global floats floats1
define global floats floats1
defines global floats floats1
declare global floats floats1
declares global floats floats1
set global floats floats1
sets global floats floats1
create local floats floats1
creates local floats floats1
define local floats floats1
defines local floats floats1
declare local floats floats1
declares local floats floats1
set local floats floats1
sets local floats floats1
create floats floats1
creates floats floats1
define floats floats1
defines floats floats1
declare floats floats1
declares floats floats1
set floats floats1
sets floats floats1
create global floats floats2
creates global floats floats2
define global floats floats2
defines global floats floats2
declare global floats floats2
declares global floats floats2
set global floats floats2
sets global floats floats2
create local floats floats2
creates local floats floats2
define local floats floats2
defines local floats floats2
declare local floats floats2
declares local floats floats2
set local floats floats2
sets local floats floats2
create floats floats2
creates floats floats2
define floats floats2
defines floats floats2
declare floats floats2
declares floats floats2
set floats floats2
sets floats floats2
create global floats i
creates global floats i
define global floats i
defines global floats i
declare global floats i
declares global floats i
set global floats i
sets global floats i
create local floats i
creates local floats i
define local floats i
defines local floats i
declare local floats i
declares local floats i
set local floats i
sets local floats i
create floats i
creates floats i
define floats i
defines floats i
declare floats i
declares floats i
set floats i
sets floats i
create global floats j
creates global floats j
define global floats j
defines global floats j
declare global floats j
declares global floats j
set global floats j
sets global floats j
create local floats j
creates local floats j
define local floats j
defines local floats j
declare local floats j
declares local floats j
set local floats j
sets local floats j
create floats j
creates floats j
define floats j
defines floats j
declare floats j
declares floats j
set floats j
sets floats j
create global floats k
creates global floats k
define global floats k
defines global floats k
declare global floats k
declares global floats k
set global floats k
sets global floats k
create local floats k
creates local floats k
define local floats k
defines local floats k
declare local floats k
declares local floats k
set local floats k
sets local floats k
create floats k
creates floats k
define floats k
defines floats k
declare floats k
declares floats k
set floats k
sets floats k
create global floats a
creates global floats a
define global floats a
defines global floats a
declare global floats a
declares global floats a
set global floats a
sets global floats a
create local floats a
creates local floats a
define local floats a
defines local floats a
declare local floats a
declares local floats a
set local floats a
sets local floats a
create floats a
creates floats a
define floats a
defines floats a
declare floats a
declares floats a
set floats a
sets floats a
create global floats b
creates global floats b
define global floats b
defines global floats b
declare global floats b
declares global floats b
set global floats b
sets global floats b
create local floats b
creates local floats b
define local floats b
defines local floats b
declare local floats b
declares local floats b
set local floats b
sets local floats b
create floats b
creates floats b
define floats b
defines floats b
declare floats b
declares floats b
set floats b
sets floats b
create global floats c
creates global floats c
define global floats c
defines global floats c
declare global floats c
declares global floats c
set global floats c
sets global floats c
create local floats c
creates local floats c
define local floats c
defines local floats c
declare local floats c
declares local floats c
set local floats c
sets local floats c
create floats c
creates floats c
define floats c
defines floats c
declare floats c
declares floats c
set floats c
sets floats c
create global number number0
creates global number number0
define global number number0
defines global number number0
declare global number number0
declares global number number0
set global number number0
sets global number number0
create local number number0
creates local number number0
define local number number0
defines local number number0
declare local number number0
declares local number number0
set local number number0
sets local number number0
create number number0
creates number number0
define number number0
defines number number0
declare number number0
declares number number0
set number number0
sets number number0
create global number number1
creates global number number1
define global number number1
defines global number number1
declare global number number1
declares global number number1
set global number number1
sets global number number1
create local number number1
creates local number number1
define local number number1
defines local number number1
declare local number number1
declares local number number1
set local number number1
sets local number number1
create number number1
creates number number1
define number number1
defines number number1
declare number number1
declares number number1
set number number1
sets number number1
create global number number2
creates global number number2
define global number number2
defines global number number2
declare global number number2
declares global number number2
set global number number2
sets global number number2
create local number number2
creates local number number2
define local number number2
defines local number number2
declare local number number2
declares local number number2
set local number number2
sets local number number2
create number number2
creates number number2
define number number2
defines number number2
declare number number2
declares number number2
set number number2
sets number number2
create global number i
creates global number i
define global number i
defines global number i
declare global number i
declares global number i
set global number i
sets global number i
create local number i
creates local number i
define local number i
defines local number i
declare local number i
declares local number i
set local number i
sets local number i
create number i
creates number i
define number i
defines number i
declare number i
declares number i
set number i
sets number i
create global number j
creates global number j
define global number j
defines global number j
declare global number j
declares global number j
set global number j
sets global number j
create local number j
creates local number j
define local number j
defines local number j
declare local number j
declares local number j
set local number j
sets local number j
create number j
creates number j
define number j
defines number j
declare number j
declares number j
set number j
sets number j
create global number k
creates global number k
define global number k
defines global number k
declare global number k
declares global number k
set global number k
sets global number k
create local number k
creates local number k
define local number k
defines local number k
declare local number k
declares local number k
set local number k
sets local number k
create number k
creates number k
define number k
defines number k
declare number k
declares number k
set number k
sets number k
create global number a
creates global number a
define global number a
defines global number a
declare global number a
declares global number a
set global number a
sets global number a
create local number a
creates local number a
define local number a
defines local number a
declare local number a
declares local number a
set local number a
sets local number a
create number a
creates number a
define number a
defines number a
declare number a
declares number a
set number a
sets number a
create global number b
creates global number b
define global number b
defines global number b
declare global number b
declares global number b
set global number b
sets global number b
create local number b
creates local number b
define local number b
defines local number b
declare local number b
declares local number b
set local number b
sets local number b
create number b
creates number b
define number b
defines number b
declare number b
declares number b
set number b
sets number b
create global number c
creates global number c
define global number c
defines global number c
declare global number c
declares global number c
set global number c
sets global number c
create local number c
creates local number c
define local number c
defines local number c
declare local number c
declares local number c
set local number c
sets local number c
create number c
creates number c
define number c
defines number c
declare number c
declares number c
set number c
sets number c
create global numbers numbers0
creates global numbers numbers0
define global numbers numbers0
defines global numbers numbers0
declare global numbers numbers0
declares global numbers numbers0
set global numbers numbers0
sets global numbers numbers0
create local numbers numbers0
creates local numbers numbers0
define local numbers numbers0
defines local numbers numbers0
declare local numbers numbers0
declares local numbers numbers0
set local numbers numbers0
sets local numbers numbers0
create numbers numbers0
creates numbers numbers0
define numbers numbers0
defines numbers numbers0
declare numbers numbers0
declares numbers numbers0
set numbers numbers0
sets numbers numbers0
create global numbers numbers1
creates global numbers numbers1
define global numbers numbers1
defines global numbers numbers1
declare global numbers numbers1
declares global numbers numbers1
set global numbers numbers1
sets global numbers numbers1
create local numbers numbers1
creates local numbers numbers1
define local numbers numbers1
defines local numbers numbers1
declare local numbers numbers1
declares local numbers numbers1
set local numbers numbers1
sets local numbers numbers1
create numbers numbers1
creates numbers numbers1
define numbers numbers1
defines numbers numbers1
declare numbers numbers1
declares numbers numbers1
set numbers numbers1
sets numbers numbers1
create global numbers numbers2
creates global numbers numbers2
define global numbers numbers2
defines global numbers numbers2
declare global numbers numbers2
declares global numbers numbers2
set global numbers numbers2
sets global numbers numbers2
create local numbers numbers2
creates local numbers numbers2
define local numbers numbers2
defines local numbers numbers2
declare local numbers numbers2
declares local numbers numbers2
set local numbers numbers2
sets local numbers numbers2
create numbers numbers2
creates numbers numbers2
define numbers numbers2
defines numbers numbers2
declare numbers numbers2
declares numbers numbers2
set numbers numbers2
sets numbers numbers2
create global numbers i
creates global numbers i
define global numbers i
defines global numbers i
declare global numbers i
declares global numbers i
set global numbers i
sets global numbers i
create local numbers i
creates local numbers i
define local numbers i
defines local numbers i
declare local numbers i
declares local numbers i
set local numbers i
sets local numbers i
create numbers i
creates numbers i
define numbers i
defines numbers i
declare numbers i
declares numbers i
set numbers i
sets numbers i
create global numbers j
creates global numbers j
define global numbers j
defines global numbers j
declare global numbers j
declares global numbers j
set global numbers j
sets global numbers j
create local numbers j
creates local numbers j
define local numbers j
defines local numbers j
declare local numbers j
declares local numbers j
set local numbers j
sets local numbers j
create numbers j
creates numbers j
define numbers j
defines numbers j
declare numbers j
declares numbers j
set numbers j
sets numbers j
create global numbers k
creates global numbers k
define global numbers k
defines global numbers k
declare global numbers k
declares global numbers k
set global numbers k
sets global numbers k
create local numbers k
creates local numbers k
define local numbers k
defines local numbers k
declare local numbers k
declares local numbers k
set local numbers k
sets local numbers k
create numbers k
creates numbers k
define numbers k
defines numbers k
declare numbers k
declares numbers k
set numbers k
sets numbers k
create global numbers a
creates global numbers a
define global numbers a
defines global numbers a
declare global numbers a
declares global numbers a
set global numbers a
sets global numbers a
create local numbers a
creates local numbers a
define local numbers a
defines local numbers a
declare local numbers a
declares local numbers a
set local numbers a
sets local numbers a
create numbers a
creates numbers a
define numbers a
defines numbers a
declare numbers a
declares numbers a
set numbers a
sets numbers a
create global numbers b
creates global numbers b
define global numbers b
defines global numbers b
declare global numbers b
declares global numbers b
set global numbers b
sets global numbers b
create local numbers b
creates local numbers b
define local numbers b
defines local numbers b
declare local numbers b
declares local numbers b
set local numbers b
sets local numbers b
create numbers b
creates numbers b
define numbers b
defines numbers b
declare numbers b
declares numbers b
set numbers b
sets numbers b
create global numbers c
creates global numbers c
define global numbers c
defines global numbers c
declare global numbers c
declares global numbers c
set global numbers c
sets global numbers c
create local numbers c
creates local numbers c
define local numbers c
defines local numbers c
declare local numbers c
declares local numbers c
set local numbers c
sets local numbers c
create numbers c
creates numbers c
define numbers c
defines numbers c
declare numbers c
declares numbers c
set numbers c
sets numbers c
create global num num0
creates global num num0
define global num num0
defines global num num0
declare global num num0
declares global num num0
set global num num0
sets global num num0
create local num num0
creates local num num0
define local num num0
defines local num num0
declare local num num0
declares local num num0
set local num num0
sets local num num0
create num num0
creates num num0
define num num0
defines num num0
declare num num0
declares num num0
set num num0
sets num num0
create global num num1
creates global num num1
define global num num1
defines global num num1
declare global num num1
declares global num num1
set global num num1
sets global num num1
create local num num1
creates local num num1
define local num num1
defines local num num1
declare local num num1
declares local num num1
set local num num1
sets local num num1
create num num1
creates num num1
define num num1
defines num num1
declare num num1
declares num num1
set num num1
sets num num1
create global num num2
creates global num num2
define global num num2
defines global num num2
declare global num num2
declares global num num2
set global num num2
sets global num num2
create local num num2
creates local num num2
define local num num2
defines local num num2
declare local num num2
declares local num num2
set local num num2
sets local num num2
create num num2
creates num num2
define num num2
defines num num2
declare num num2
declares num num2
set num num2
sets num num2
create global num i
creates global num i
define global num i
defines global num i
declare global num i
declares global num i
set global num i
sets global num i
create local num i
creates local num i
define local num i
defines local num i
declare local num i
declares local num i
set local num i
sets local num i
create num i
creates num i
define num i
defines num i
declare num i
declares num i
set num i
sets num i
create global num j
creates global num j
define global num j
defines global num j
declare global num j
declares global num j
set global num j
sets global num j
create local num j
creates local num j
define local num j
defines local num j
declare local num j
declares local num j
set local num j
sets local num j
create num j
creates num j
define num j
defines num j
declare num j
declares num j
set num j
sets num j
create global num k
creates global num k
define global num k
defines global num k
declare global num k
declares global num k
set global num k
sets global num k
create local num k
creates local num k
define local num k
defines local num k
declare local num k
declares local num k
set local num k
sets local num k
create num k
creates num k
define num k
defines num k
declare num k
declares num k
set num k
sets num k
create global num a
creates global num a
define global num a
defines global num a
declare global num a
declares global num a
set global num a
sets global num a
create local num a
creates local num a
define local num a
defines local num a
declare local num a
declares local num a
set local num a
sets local num a
create num a
creates num a
define num a
defines num a
declare num a
declares num a
set num a
sets num a
create global num b
creates global num b
define global num b
defines global num b
declare global num b
declares global num b
set global num b
sets global num b
create local num b
creates local num b
define local num b
defines local num b
declare local num b
declares local num b
set local num b
sets local num b
create num b
creates num b
define num b
defines num b
declare num b
declares num b
set num b
sets num b
create global num c
creates global num c
define global num c
defines global num c
declare global num c
declares global num c
set global num c
sets global num c
create local num c
creates local num c
define local num c
defines local num c
declare local num c
declares local num c
set local num c
sets local num c
create num c
creates num c
define num c
defines num c
declare num c
declares num c
set num c
sets num c
create global nums nums0
creates global nums nums0
define global nums nums0
defines global nums nums0
declare global nums nums0
declares global nums nums0
set global nums nums0
sets global nums nums0
create local nums nums0
creates local nums nums0
define local nums nums0
defines local nums nums0
declare local nums nums0
declares local nums nums0
set local nums nums0
sets local nums nums0
create nums nums0
creates nums nums0
define nums nums0
defines nums nums0
declare nums nums0
declares nums nums0
set nums nums0
sets nums nums0
create global nums nums1
creates global nums nums1
define global nums nums1
defines global nums nums1
declare global nums nums1
declares global nums nums1
set global nums nums1
sets global nums nums1
create local nums nums1
creates local nums nums1
define local nums nums1
defines local nums nums1
declare local nums nums1
declares local nums nums1
set local nums nums1
sets local nums nums1
create nums nums1
creates nums nums1
define nums nums1
defines nums nums1
declare nums nums1
declares nums nums1
set nums nums1
sets nums nums1
create global nums nums2
creates global nums nums2
define global nums nums2
defines global nums nums2
declare global nums nums2
declares global nums nums2
set global nums nums2
sets global nums nums2
create local nums nums2
creates local nums nums2
define local nums nums2
defines local nums nums2
declare local nums nums2
declares local nums nums2
set local nums nums2
sets local nums nums2
create nums nums2
creates nums nums2
define nums nums2
defines nums nums2
declare nums nums2
declares nums nums2
set nums nums2
sets nums nums2
create global nums i
creates global nums i
define global nums i
defines global nums i
declare global nums i
declares global nums i
set global nums i
sets global nums i
create local nums i
creates local nums i
define local nums i
defines local nums i
declare local nums i
declares local nums i
set local nums i
sets local nums i
create nums i
creates nums i
define nums i
defines nums i
declare nums i
declares nums i
set nums i
sets nums i
create global nums j
creates global nums j
define global nums j
defines global nums j
declare global nums j
declares global nums j
set global nums j
sets global nums j
create local nums j
creates local nums j
define local nums j
defines local nums j
declare local nums j
declares local nums j
set local nums j
sets local nums j
create nums j
creates nums j
define nums j
defines nums j
declare nums j
declares nums j
set nums j
sets nums j
create global nums k
creates global nums k
define global nums k
defines global nums k
declare global nums k
declares global nums k
set global nums k
sets global nums k
create local nums k
creates local nums k
define local nums k
defines local nums k
declare local nums k
declares local nums k
set local nums k
sets local nums k
create nums k
creates nums k
define nums k
defines nums k
declare nums k
declares nums k
set nums k
sets nums k
create global nums a
creates global nums a
define global nums a
defines global nums a
declare global nums a
declares global nums a
set global nums a
sets global nums a
create local nums a
creates local nums a
define local nums a
defines local nums a
declare local nums a
declares local nums a
set local nums a
sets local nums a
create nums a
creates nums a
define nums a
defines nums a
declare nums a
declares nums a
set nums a
sets nums a
create global nums b
creates global nums b
define global nums b
defines global nums b
declare global nums b
declares global nums b
set global nums b
sets global nums b
create local nums b
creates local nums b
define local nums b
defines local nums b
declare local nums b
declares local nums b
set local nums b
sets local nums b
create nums b
creates nums b
define nums b
defines nums b
declare nums b
declares nums b
set nums b
sets nums b
create global nums c
creates global nums c
define global nums c
defines global nums c
declare global nums c
declares global nums c
set global nums c
sets global nums c
create local nums c
creates local nums c
define local nums c
defines local nums c
declare local nums c
declares local nums c
set local nums c
sets local nums c
create nums c
creates nums c
define nums c
defines nums c
declare nums c
declares nums c
set nums c
sets nums c
create global variable variable0
creates global variable variable0
define global variable variable0
defines global variable variable0
declare global variable variable0
declares global variable variable0
set global variable variable0
sets global variable variable0
create local variable variable0
creates local variable variable0
define local variable variable0
defines local variable variable0
declare local variable variable0
declares local variable variable0
set local variable variable0
sets local variable variable0
create variable variable0
creates variable variable0
define variable variable0
defines variable variable0
declare variable variable0
declares variable variable0
set variable variable0
sets variable variable0
create global variable variable1
creates global variable variable1
define global variable variable1
defines global variable variable1
declare global variable variable1
declares global variable variable1
set global variable variable1
sets global variable variable1
create local variable variable1
creates local variable variable1
define local variable variable1
defines local variable variable1
declare local variable variable1
declares local variable variable1
set local variable variable1
sets local variable variable1
create variable variable1
creates variable variable1
define variable variable1
defines variable variable1
declare variable variable1
declares variable variable1
set variable variable1
sets variable variable1
create global variable variable2
creates global variable variable2
define global variable variable2
defines global variable variable2
declare global variable variable2
declares global variable variable2
set global variable variable2
sets global variable variable2
create local variable variable2
creates local variable variable2
define local variable variable2
defines local variable variable2
declare local variable variable2
declares local variable variable2
set local variable variable2
sets local variable variable2
create variable variable2
creates variable variable2
define variable variable2
defines variable variable2
declare variable variable2
declares variable variable2
set variable variable2
sets variable variable2
create global variable i
creates global variable i
define global variable i
defines global variable i
declare global variable i
declares global variable i
set global variable i
sets global variable i
create local variable i
creates local variable i
define local variable i
defines local variable i
declare local variable i
declares local variable i
set local variable i
sets local variable i
create variable i
creates variable i
define variable i
defines variable i
declare variable i
declares variable i
set variable i
sets variable i
create global variable j
creates global variable j
define global variable j
defines global variable j
declare global variable j
declares global variable j
set global variable j
sets global variable j
create local variable j
creates local variable j
define local variable j
defines local variable j
declare local variable j
declares local variable j
set local variable j
sets local variable j
create variable j
creates variable j
define variable j
defines variable j
declare variable j
declares variable j
set variable j
sets variable j
create global variable k
creates global variable k
define global variable k
defines global variable k
declare global variable k
declares global variable k
set global variable k
sets global variable k
create local variable k
creates local variable k
define local variable k
defines local variable k
declare local variable k
declares local variable k
set local variable k
sets local variable k
create variable k
creates variable k
define variable k
defines variable k
declare variable k
declares variable k
set variable k
sets variable k
create global variable a
creates global variable a
define global variable a
defines global variable a
declare global variable a
declares global variable a
set global variable a
sets global variable a
create local variable a
creates local variable a
define local variable a
defines local variable a
declare local variable a
declares local variable a
set local variable a
sets local variable a
create variable a
creates variable a
define variable a
defines variable a
declare variable a
declares variable a
set variable a
sets variable a
create global variable b
creates global variable b
define global variable b
defines global variable b
declare global variable b
declares global variable b
set global variable b
sets global variable b
create local variable b
creates local variable b
define local variable b
defines local variable b
declare local variable b
declares local variable b
set local variable b
sets local variable b
create variable b
creates variable b
define variable b
defines variable b
declare variable b
declares variable b
set variable b
sets variable b
create global variable c
creates global variable c
define global variable c
defines global variable c
declare global variable c
declares global variable c
set global variable c
sets global variable c
create local variable c
creates local variable c
define local variable c
defines local variable c
declare local variable c
declares local variable c
set local variable c
sets local variable c
create variable c
creates variable c
define variable c
defines variable c
declare variable c
declares variable c
set variable c
sets variable c
create global variables variables0
creates global variables variables0
define global variables variables0
defines global variables variables0
declare global variables variables0
declares global variables variables0
set global variables variables0
sets global variables variables0
create local variables variables0
creates local variables variables0
define local variables variables0
defines local variables variables0
declare local variables variables0
declares local variables variables0
set local variables variables0
sets local variables variables0
create variables variables0
creates variables variables0
define variables variables0
defines variables variables0
declare variables variables0
declares variables variables0
set variables variables0
sets variables variables0
create global variables variables1
creates global variables variables1
define global variables variables1
defines global variables variables1
declare global variables variables1
declares global variables variables1
set global variables variables1
sets global variables variables1
create local variables variables1
creates local variables variables1
define local variables variables1
defines local variables variables1
declare local variables variables1
declares local variables variables1
set local variables variables1
sets local variables variables1
create variables variables1
creates variables variables1
define variables variables1
defines variables variables1
declare variables variables1
declares variables variables1
set variables variables1
sets variables variables1
create global variables variables2
creates global variables variables2
define global variables variables2
defines global variables variables2
declare global variables variables2
declares global variables variables2
set global variables variables2
sets global variables variables2
create local variables variables2
creates local variables variables2
define local variables variables2
defines local variables variables2
declare local variables variables2
declares local variables variables2
set local variables variables2
sets local variables variables2
create variables variables2
creates variables variables2
define variables variables2
defines variables variables2
declare variables variables2
declares variables variables2
set variables variables2
sets variables variables2
create global variables i
creates global variables i
define global variables i
defines global variables i
declare global variables i
declares global variables i
set global variables i
sets global variables i
create local variables i
creates local variables i
define local variables i
defines local variables i
declare local variables i
declares local variables i
set local variables i
sets local variables i
create variables i
creates variables i
define variables i
defines variables i
declare variables i
declares variables i
set variables i
sets variables i
create global variables j
creates global variables j
define global variables j
defines global variables j
declare global variables j
declares global variables j
set global variables j
sets global variables j
create local variables j
creates local variables j
define local variables j
defines local variables j
declare local variables j
declares local variables j
set local variables j
sets local variables j
create variables j
creates variables j
define variables j
defines variables j
declare variables j
declares variables j
set variables j
sets variables j
create global variables k
creates global variables k
define global variables k
defines global variables k
declare global variables k
declares global variables k
set global variables k
sets global variables k
create local variables k
creates local variables k
define local variables k
defines local variables k
declare local variables k
declares local variables k
set local variables k
sets local variables k
create variables k
creates variables k
define variables k
defines variables k
declare variables k
declares variables k
set variables k
sets variables k
create global variables a
creates global variables a
define global variables a
defines global variables a
declare global variables a
declares global variables a
set global variables a
sets global variables a
create local variables a
creates local variables a
define local variables a
defines local variables a
declare local variables a
declares local variables a
set local variables a
sets local variables a
create variables a
creates variables a
define variables a
defines variables a
declare variables a
declares variables a
set variables a
sets variables a
create global variables b
creates global variables b
define global variables b
defines global variables b
declare global variables b
declares global variables b
set global variables b
sets global variables b
create local variables b
creates local variables b
define local variables b
defines local variables b
declare local variables b
declares local variables b
set local variables b
sets local variables b
create variables b
creates variables b
define variables b
defines variables b
declare variables b
declares variables b
set variables b
sets variables b
create global variables c
creates global variables c
define global variables c
defines global variables c
declare global variables c
declares global variables c
set global variables c
sets global variables c
create local variables c
creates local variables c
define local variables c
defines local variables c
declare local variables c
declares local variables c
set local variables c
sets local variables c
create variables c
creates variables c
define variables c
defines variables c
declare variables c
declares variables c
set variables c
sets variables c
create global var var0
creates global var var0
define global var var0
defines global var var0
declare global var var0
declares global var var0
set global var var0
sets global var var0
create local var var0
creates local var var0
define local var var0
defines local var var0
declare local var var0
declares local var var0
set local var var0
sets local var var0
create var var0
creates var var0
define var var0
defines var var0
declare var var0
declares var var0
set var var0
sets var var0
create global var var1
creates global var var1
define global var var1
defines global var var1
declare global var var1
declares global var var1
set global var var1
sets global var var1
create local var var1
creates local var var1
define local var var1
defines local var var1
declare local var var1
declares local var var1
set local var var1
sets local var var1
create var var1
creates var var1
define var var1
defines var var1
declare var var1
declares var var1
set var var1
sets var var1
create global var var2
creates global var var2
define global var var2
defines global var var2
declare global var var2
declares global var var2
set global var var2
sets global var var2
create local var var2
creates local var var2
define local var var2
defines local var var2
declare local var var2
declares local var var2
set local var var2
sets local var var2
create var var2
creates var var2
define var var2
defines var var2
declare var var2
declares var var2
set var var2
sets var var2
create global var i
creates global var i
define global var i
defines global var i
declare global var i
declares global var i
set global var i
sets global var i
create local var i
creates local var i
define local var i
defines local var i
declare local var i
declares local var i
set local var i
sets local var i
create var i
creates var i
define var i
defines var i
declare var i
declares var i
set var i
sets var i
create global var j
creates global var j
define global var j
defines global var j
declare global var j
declares global var j
set global var j
sets global var j
create local var j
creates local var j
define local var j
defines local var j
declare local var j
declares local var j
set local var j
sets local var j
create var j
creates var j
define var j
defines var j
declare var j
declares var j
set var j
sets var j
create global var k
creates global var k
define global var k
defines global var k
declare global var k
declares global var k
set global var k
sets global var k
create local var k
creates local var k
define local var k
defines local var k
declare local var k
declares local var k
set local var k
sets local var k
create var k
creates var k
define var k
defines var k
declare var k
declares var k
set var k
sets var k
create global var a
creates global var a
define global var a
defines global var a
declare global var a
declares global var a
set global var a
sets global var a
create local var a
creates local var a
define local var a
defines local var a
declare local var a
declares local var a
set local var a
sets local var a
create var a
creates var a
define var a
defines var a
declare var a
declares var a
set var a
sets var a
create global var b
creates global var b
define global var b
defines global var b
declare global var b
declares global var b
set global var b
sets global var b
create local var b
creates local var b
define local var b
defines local var b
declare local var b
declares local var b
set local var b
sets local var b
create var b
creates var b
define var b
defines var b
declare var b
declares var b
set var b
sets var b
create global var c
creates global var c
define global var c
defines global var c
declare global var c
declares global var c
set global var c
sets global var c
create local var c
creates local var c
define local var c
defines local var c
declare local var c
declares local var c
set local var c
sets local var c
create var c
creates var c
define var c
defines var c
declare var c
declares var c
set var c
sets var c
create global vars vars0
creates global vars vars0
define global vars vars0
defines global vars vars0
declare global vars vars0
declares global vars vars0
set global vars vars0
sets global vars vars0
create local vars vars0
creates local vars vars0
define local vars vars0
defines local vars vars0
declare local vars vars0
declares local vars vars0
set local vars vars0
sets local vars vars0
create vars vars0
creates vars vars0
define vars vars0
defines vars vars0
declare vars vars0
declares vars vars0
set vars vars0
sets vars vars0
create global vars vars1
creates global vars vars1
define global vars vars1
defines global vars vars1
declare global vars vars1
declares global vars vars1
set global vars vars1
sets global vars vars1
create local vars vars1
creates local vars vars1
define local vars vars1
defines local vars vars1
declare local vars vars1
declares local vars vars1
set local vars vars1
sets local vars vars1
create vars vars1
creates vars vars1
define vars vars1
defines vars vars1
declare vars vars1
declares vars vars1
set vars vars1
sets vars vars1
create global vars vars2
creates global vars vars2
define global vars vars2
defines global vars vars2
declare global vars vars2
declares global vars vars2
set global vars vars2
sets global vars vars2
create local vars vars2
creates local vars vars2
define local vars vars2
defines local vars vars2
declare local vars vars2
declares local vars vars2
set local vars vars2
sets local vars vars2
create vars vars2
creates vars vars2
define vars vars2
defines vars vars2
declare vars vars2
declares vars vars2
set vars vars2
sets vars vars2
create global vars i
creates global vars i
define global vars i
defines global vars i
declare global vars i
declares global vars i
set global vars i
sets global vars i
create local vars i
creates local vars i
define local vars i
defines local vars i
declare local vars i
declares local vars i
set local vars i
sets local vars i
create vars i
creates vars i
define vars i
defines vars i
declare vars i
declares vars i
set vars i
sets vars i
create global vars j
creates global vars j
define global vars j
defines global vars j
declare global vars j
declares global vars j
set global vars j
sets global vars j
create local vars j
creates local vars j
define local vars j
defines local vars j
declare local vars j
declares local vars j
set local vars j
sets local vars j
create vars j
creates vars j
define vars j
defines vars j
declare vars j
declares vars j
set vars j
sets vars j
create global vars k
creates global vars k
define global vars k
defines global vars k
declare global vars k
declares global vars k
set global vars k
sets global vars k
create local vars k
creates local vars k
define local vars k
defines local vars k
declare local vars k
declares local vars k
set local vars k
sets local vars k
create vars k
creates vars k
define vars k
defines vars k
declare vars k
declares vars k
set vars k
sets vars k
create global vars a
creates global vars a
define global vars a
defines global vars a
declare global vars a
declares global vars a
set global vars a
sets global vars a
create local vars a
creates local vars a
define local vars a
defines local vars a
declare local vars a
declares local vars a
set local vars a
sets local vars a
create vars a
creates vars a
define vars a
defines vars a
declare vars a
declares vars a
set vars a
sets vars a
create global vars b
creates global vars b
define global vars b
defines global vars b
declare global vars b
declares global vars b
set global vars b
sets global vars b
create local vars b
creates local vars b
define local vars b
defines local vars b
declare local vars b
declares local vars b
set local vars b
sets local vars b
create vars b
creates vars b
define vars b
defines vars b
declare vars b
declares vars b
set vars b
sets vars b
create global vars c
creates global vars c
define global vars c
defines global vars c
declare global vars c
declares global vars c
set global vars c
sets global vars c
create local vars c
creates local vars c
define local vars c
defines local vars c
declare local vars c
declares local vars c
set local vars c
sets local vars c
create vars c
creates vars c
define vars c
defines vars c
declare vars c
declares vars c
set vars c
sets vars c
create global double double0
creates global double double0
define global double double0
defines global double double0
declare global double double0
declares global double double0
set global double double0
sets global double double0
create local double double0
creates local double double0
define local double double0
defines local double double0
declare local double double0
declares local double double0
set local double double0
sets local double double0
create double double0
creates double double0
define double double0
defines double double0
declare double double0
declares double double0
set double double0
sets double double0
create global double double1
creates global double double1
define global double double1
defines global double double1
declare global double double1
declares global double double1
set global double double1
sets global double double1
create local double double1
creates local double double1
define local double double1
defines local double double1
declare local double double1
declares local double double1
set local double double1
sets local double double1
create double double1
creates double double1
define double double1
defines double double1
declare double double1
declares double double1
set double double1
sets double double1
create global double double2
creates global double double2
define global double double2
defines global double double2
declare global double double2
declares global double double2
set global double double2
sets global double double2
create local double double2
creates local double double2
define local double double2
defines local double double2
declare local double double2
declares local double double2
set local double double2
sets local double double2
create double double2
creates double double2
define double double2
defines double double2
declare double double2
declares double double2
set double double2
sets double double2
create global double i
creates global double i
define global double i
defines global double i
declare global double i
declares global double i
set global double i
sets global double i
create local double i
creates local double i
define local double i
defines local double i
declare local double i
declares local double i
set local double i
sets local double i
create double i
creates double i
define double i
defines double i
declare double i
declares double i
set double i
sets double i
create global double j
creates global double j
define global double j
defines global double j
declare global double j
declares global double j
set global double j
sets global double j
create local double j
creates local double j
define local double j
defines local double j
declare local double j
declares local double j
set local double j
sets local double j
create double j
creates double j
define double j
defines double j
declare double j
declares double j
set double j
sets double j
create global double k
creates global double k
define global double k
defines global double k
declare global double k
declares global double k
set global double k
sets global double k
create local double k
creates local double k
define local double k
defines local double k
declare local double k
declares local double k
set local double k
sets local double k
create double k
creates double k
define double k
defines double k
declare double k
declares double k
set double k
sets double k
create global double a
creates global double a
define global double a
defines global double a
declare global double a
declares global double a
set global double a
sets global double a
create local double a
creates local double a
define local double a
defines local double a
declare local double a
declares local double a
set local double a
sets local double a
create double a
creates double a
define double a
defines double a
declare double a
declares double a
set double a
sets double a
create global double b
creates global double b
define global double b
defines global double b
declare global double b
declares global double b
set global double b
sets global double b
create local double b
creates local double b
define local double b
defines local double b
declare local double b
declares local double b
set local double b
sets local double b
create double b
creates double b
define double b
defines double b
declare double b
declares double b
set double b
sets double b
create global double c
creates global double c
define global double c
defines global double c
declare global double c
declares global double c
set global double c
sets global double c
create local double c
creates local double c
define local double c
defines local double c
declare local double c
declares local double c
set local double c
sets local double c
create double c
creates double c
define double c
defines double c
declare double c
declares double c
set double c
sets double c
create global doubles doubles0
creates global doubles doubles0
define global doubles doubles0
defines global doubles doubles0
declare global doubles doubles0
declares global doubles doubles0
set global doubles doubles0
sets global doubles doubles0
create local doubles doubles0
creates local doubles doubles0
define local doubles doubles0
defines local doubles doubles0
declare local doubles doubles0
declares local doubles doubles0
set local doubles doubles0
sets local doubles doubles0
create doubles doubles0
creates doubles doubles0
define doubles doubles0
defines doubles doubles0
declare doubles doubles0
declares doubles doubles0
set doubles doubles0
sets doubles doubles0
create global doubles doubles1
creates global doubles doubles1
define global doubles doubles1
defines global doubles doubles1
declare global doubles doubles1
declares global doubles doubles1
set global doubles doubles1
sets global doubles doubles1
create local doubles doubles1
creates local doubles doubles1
define local doubles doubles1
defines local doubles doubles1
declare local doubles doubles1
declares local doubles doubles1
set local doubles doubles1
sets local doubles doubles1
create doubles doubles1
creates doubles doubles1
define doubles doubles1
defines doubles doubles1
declare doubles doubles1
declares doubles doubles1
set doubles doubles1
sets doubles doubles1
create global doubles doubles2
creates global doubles doubles2
define global doubles doubles2
defines global doubles doubles2
declare global doubles doubles2
declares global doubles doubles2
set global doubles doubles2
sets global doubles doubles2
create local doubles doubles2
creates local doubles doubles2
define local doubles doubles2
defines local doubles doubles2
declare local doubles doubles2
declares local doubles doubles2
set local doubles doubles2
sets local doubles doubles2
create doubles doubles2
creates doubles doubles2
define doubles doubles2
defines doubles doubles2
declare doubles doubles2
declares doubles doubles2
set doubles doubles2
sets doubles doubles2
create global doubles i
creates global doubles i
define global doubles i
defines global doubles i
declare global doubles i
declares global doubles i
set global doubles i
sets global doubles i
create local doubles i
creates local doubles i
define local doubles i
defines local doubles i
declare local doubles i
declares local doubles i
set local doubles i
sets local doubles i
create doubles i
creates doubles i
define doubles i
defines doubles i
declare doubles i
declares doubles i
set doubles i
sets doubles i
create global doubles j
creates global doubles j
define global doubles j
defines global doubles j
declare global doubles j
declares global doubles j
set global doubles j
sets global doubles j
create local doubles j
creates local doubles j
define local doubles j
defines local doubles j
declare local doubles j
declares local doubles j
set local doubles j
sets local doubles j
create doubles j
creates doubles j
define doubles j
defines doubles j
declare doubles j
declares doubles j
set doubles j
sets doubles j
create global doubles k
creates global doubles k
define global doubles k
defines global doubles k
declare global doubles k
declares global doubles k
set global doubles k
sets global doubles k
create local doubles k
creates local doubles k
define local doubles k
defines local doubles k
declare local doubles k
declares local doubles k
set local doubles k
sets local doubles k
create doubles k
creates doubles k
define doubles k
defines doubles k
declare doubles k
declares doubles k
set doubles k
sets doubles k
create global doubles a
creates global doubles a
define global doubles a
defines global doubles a
declare global doubles a
declares global doubles a
set global doubles a
sets global doubles a
create local doubles a
creates local doubles a
define local doubles a
defines local doubles a
declare local doubles a
declares local doubles a
set local doubles a
sets local doubles a
create doubles a
creates doubles a
define doubles a
defines doubles a
declare doubles a
declares doubles a
set doubles a
sets doubles a
create global doubles b
creates global doubles b
define global doubles b
defines global doubles b
declare global doubles b
declares global doubles b
set global doubles b
sets global doubles b
create local doubles b
creates local doubles b
define local doubles b
defines local doubles b
declare local doubles b
declares local doubles b
set local doubles b
sets local doubles b
create doubles b
creates doubles b
define doubles b
defines doubles b
declare doubles b
declares doubles b
set doubles b
sets doubles b
create global doubles c
creates global doubles c
define global doubles c
defines global doubles c
declare global doubles c
declares global doubles c
set global doubles c
sets global doubles c
create local doubles c
creates local doubles c
define local doubles c
defines local doubles c
declare local doubles c
declares local doubles c
set local doubles c
sets local doubles c
create doubles c
creates doubles c
define doubles c
defines doubles c
declare doubles c
declares doubles c
set doubles c
sets doubles c
create global character character0
creates global character character0
define global character character0
defines global character character0
declare global character character0
declares global character character0
set global character character0
sets global character character0
create local character character0
creates local character character0
define local character character0
defines local character character0
declare local character character0
declares local character character0
set local character character0
sets local character character0
create character character0
creates character character0
define character character0
defines character character0
declare character character0
declares character character0
set character character0
sets character character0
create global character character1
creates global character character1
define global character character1
defines global character character1
declare global character character1
declares global character character1
set global character character1
sets global character character1
create local character character1
creates local character character1
define local character character1
defines local character character1
declare local character character1
declares local character character1
set local character character1
sets local character character1
create character character1
creates character character1
define character character1
defines character character1
declare character character1
declares character character1
set character character1
sets character character1
create global character character2
creates global character character2
define global character character2
defines global character character2
declare global character character2
declares global character character2
set global character character2
sets global character character2
create local character character2
creates local character character2
define local character character2
defines local character character2
declare local character character2
declares local character character2
set local character character2
sets local character character2
create character character2
creates character character2
define character character2
defines character character2
declare character character2
declares character character2
set character character2
sets character character2
create global character i
creates global character i
define global character i
defines global character i
declare global character i
declares global character i
set global character i
sets global character i
create local character i
creates local character i
define local character i
defines local character i
declare local character i
declares local character i
set local character i
sets local character i
create character i
creates character i
define character i
defines character i
declare character i
declares character i
set character i
sets character i
create global character j
creates global character j
define global character j
defines global character j
declare global character j
declares global character j
set global character j
sets global character j
create local character j
creates local character j
define local character j
defines local character j
declare local character j
declares local character j
set local character j
sets local character j
create character j
creates character j
define character j
defines character j
declare character j
declares character j
set character j
sets character j
create global character k
creates global character k
define global character k
defines global character k
declare global character k
declares global character k
set global character k
sets global character k
create local character k
creates local character k
define local character k
defines local character k
declare local character k
declares local character k
set local character k
sets local character k
create character k
creates character k
define character k
defines character k
declare character k
declares character k
set character k
sets character k
create global character a
creates global character a
define global character a
defines global character a
declare global character a
declares global character a
set global character a
sets global character a
create local character a
creates local character a
define local character a
defines local character a
declare local character a
declares local character a
set local character a
sets local character a
create character a
creates character a
define character a
defines character a
declare character a
declares character a
set character a
sets character a
create global character b
creates global character b
define global character b
defines global character b
declare global character b
declares global character b
set global character b
sets global character b
create local character b
creates local character b
define local character b
defines local character b
declare local character b
declares local character b
set local character b
sets local character b
create character b
creates character b
define character b
defines character b
declare character b
declares character b
set character b
sets character b
create global character c
creates global character c
define global character c
defines global character c
declare global character c
declares global character c
set global character c
sets global character c
create local character c
creates local character c
define local character c
defines local character c
declare local character c
declares local character c
set local character c
sets local character c
create character c
creates character c
define character c
defines character c
declare character c
declares character c
set character c
sets character c
create global characters characters0
creates global characters characters0
define global characters characters0
defines global characters characters0
declare global characters characters0
declares global characters characters0
set global characters characters0
sets global characters characters0
create local characters characters0
creates local characters characters0
define local characters characters0
defines local characters characters0
declare local characters characters0
declares local characters characters0
set local characters characters0
sets local characters characters0
create characters characters0
creates characters characters0
define characters characters0
defines characters characters0
declare characters characters0
declares characters characters0
set characters characters0
sets characters characters0
create global characters characters1
creates global characters characters1
define global characters characters1
defines global characters characters1
declare global characters characters1
declares global characters characters1
set global characters characters1
sets global characters characters1
create local characters characters1
creates local characters characters1
define local characters characters1
defines local characters characters1
declare local characters characters1
declares local characters characters1
set local characters characters1
sets local characters characters1
create characters characters1
creates characters characters1
define characters characters1
defines characters characters1
declare characters characters1
declares characters characters1
set characters characters1
sets characters characters1
create global characters characters2
creates global characters characters2
define global characters characters2
defines global characters characters2
declare global characters characters2
declares global characters characters2
set global characters characters2
sets global characters characters2
create local characters characters2
creates local characters characters2
define local characters characters2
defines local characters characters2
declare local characters characters2
declares local characters characters2
set local characters characters2
sets local characters characters2
create characters characters2
creates characters characters2
define characters characters2
defines characters characters2
declare characters characters2
declares characters characters2
set characters characters2
sets characters characters2
create global characters i
creates global characters i
define global characters i
defines global characters i
declare global characters i
declares global characters i
set global characters i
sets global characters i
create local characters i
creates local characters i
define local characters i
defines local characters i
declare local characters i
declares local characters i
set local characters i
sets local characters i
create characters i
creates characters i
define characters i
defines characters i
declare characters i
declares characters i
set characters i
sets characters i
create global characters j
creates global characters j
define global characters j
defines global characters j
declare global characters j
declares global characters j
set global characters j
sets global characters j
create local characters j
creates local characters j
define local characters j
defines local characters j
declare local characters j
declares local characters j
set local characters j
sets local characters j
create characters j
creates characters j
define characters j
defines characters j
declare characters j
declares characters j
set characters j
sets characters j
create global characters k
creates global characters k
define global characters k
defines global characters k
declare global characters k
declares global characters k
set global characters k
sets global characters k
create local characters k
creates local characters k
define local characters k
defines local characters k
declare local characters k
declares local characters k
set local characters k
sets local characters k
create characters k
creates characters k
define characters k
defines characters k
declare characters k
declares characters k
set characters k
sets characters k
create global characters a
creates global characters a
define global characters a
defines global characters a
declare global characters a
declares global characters a
set global characters a
sets global characters a
create local characters a
creates local characters a
define local characters a
defines local characters a
declare local characters a
declares local characters a
set local characters a
sets local characters a
create characters a
creates characters a
define characters a
defines characters a
declare characters a
declares characters a
set characters a
sets characters a
create global characters b
creates global characters b
define global characters b
defines global characters b
declare global characters b
declares global characters b
set global characters b
sets global characters b
create local characters b
creates local characters b
define local characters b
defines local characters b
declare local characters b
declares local characters b
set local characters b
sets local characters b
create characters b
creates characters b
define characters b
defines characters b
declare characters b
declares characters b
set characters b
sets characters b
create global characters c
creates global characters c
define global characters c
defines global characters c
declare global characters c
declares global characters c
set global characters c
sets global characters c
create local characters c
creates local characters c
define local characters c
defines local characters c
declare local characters c
declares local characters c
set local characters c
sets local characters c
create characters c
creates characters c
define characters c
defines characters c
declare characters c
declares characters c
set characters c
sets characters c
create global char char0
creates global char char0
define global char char0
defines global char char0
declare global char char0
declares global char char0
set global char char0
sets global char char0
create local char char0
creates local char char0
define local char char0
defines local char char0
declare local char char0
declares local char char0
set local char char0
sets local char char0
create char char0
creates char char0
define char char0
defines char char0
declare char char0
declares char char0
set char char0
sets char char0
create global char char1
creates global char char1
define global char char1
defines global char char1
declare global char char1
declares global char char1
set global char char1
sets global char char1
create local char char1
creates local char char1
define local char char1
defines local char char1
declare local char char1
declares local char char1
set local char char1
sets local char char1
create char char1
creates char char1
define char char1
defines char char1
declare char char1
declares char char1
set char char1
sets char char1
create global char char2
creates global char char2
define global char char2
defines global char char2
declare global char char2
declares global char char2
set global char char2
sets global char char2
create local char char2
creates local char char2
define local char char2
defines local char char2
declare local char char2
declares local char char2
set local char char2
sets local char char2
create char char2
creates char char2
define char char2
defines char char2
declare char char2
declares char char2
set char char2
sets char char2
create global char i
creates global char i
define global char i
defines global char i
declare global char i
declares global char i
set global char i
sets global char i
create local char i
creates local char i
define local char i
defines local char i
declare local char i
declares local char i
set local char i
sets local char i
create char i
creates char i
define char i
defines char i
declare char i
declares char i
set char i
sets char i
create global char j
creates global char j
define global char j
defines global char j
declare global char j
declares global char j
set global char j
sets global char j
create local char j
creates local char j
define local char j
defines local char j
declare local char j
declares local char j
set local char j
sets local char j
create char j
creates char j
define char j
defines char j
declare char j
declares char j
set char j
sets char j
create global char k
creates global char k
define global char k
defines global char k
declare global char k
declares global char k
set global char k
sets global char k
create local char k
creates local char k
define local char k
defines local char k
declare local char k
declares local char k
set local char k
sets local char k
create char k
creates char k
define char k
defines char k
declare char k
declares char k
set char k
sets char k
create global char a
creates global char a
define global char a
defines global char a
declare global char a
declares global char a
set global char a
sets global char a
create local char a
creates local char a
define local char a
defines local char a
declare local char a
declares local char a
set local char a
sets local char a
create char a
creates char a
define char a
defines char a
declare char a
declares char a
set char a
sets char a
create global char b
creates global char b
define global char b
defines global char b
declare global char b
declares global char b
set global char b
sets global char b
create local char b
creates local char b
define local char b
defines local char b
declare local char b
declares local char b
set local char b
sets local char b
create char b
creates char b
define char b
defines char b
declare char b
declares char b
set char b
sets char b
create global char c
creates global char c
define global char c
defines global char c
declare global char c
declares global char c
set global char c
sets global char c
create local char c
creates local char c
define local char c
defines local char c
declare local char c
declares local char c
set local char c
sets local char c
create char c
creates char c
define char c
defines char c
declare char c
declares char c
set char c
sets char c
create global chars chars0
creates global chars chars0
define global chars chars0
defines global chars chars0
declare global chars chars0
declares global chars chars0
set global chars chars0
sets global chars chars0
create local chars chars0
creates local chars chars0
define local chars chars0
defines local chars chars0
declare local chars chars0
declares local chars chars0
set local chars chars0
sets local chars chars0
create chars chars0
creates chars chars0
define chars chars0
defines chars chars0
declare chars chars0
declares chars chars0
set chars chars0
sets chars chars0
create global chars chars1
creates global chars chars1
define global chars chars1
defines global chars chars1
declare global chars chars1
declares global chars chars1
set global chars chars1
sets global chars chars1
create local chars chars1
creates local chars chars1
define local chars chars1
defines local chars chars1
declare local chars chars1
declares local chars chars1
set local chars chars1
sets local chars chars1
create chars chars1
creates chars chars1
define chars chars1
defines chars chars1
declare chars chars1
declares chars chars1
set chars chars1
sets chars chars1
create global chars chars2
creates global chars chars2
define global chars chars2
defines global chars chars2
declare global chars chars2
declares global chars chars2
set global chars chars2
sets global chars chars2
create local chars chars2
creates local chars chars2
define local chars chars2
defines local chars chars2
declare local chars chars2
declares local chars chars2
set local chars chars2
sets local chars chars2
create chars chars2
creates chars chars2
define chars chars2
defines chars chars2
declare chars chars2
declares chars chars2
set chars chars2
sets chars chars2
create global chars i
creates global chars i
define global chars i
defines global chars i
declare global chars i
declares global chars i
set global chars i
sets global chars i
create local chars i
creates local chars i
define local chars i
defines local chars i
declare local chars i
declares local chars i
set local chars i
sets local chars i
create chars i
creates chars i
define chars i
defines chars i
declare chars i
declares chars i
set chars i
sets chars i
create global chars j
creates global chars j
define global chars j
defines global chars j
declare global chars j
declares global chars j
set global chars j
sets global chars j
create local chars j
creates local chars j
define local chars j
defines local chars j
declare local chars j
declares local chars j
set local chars j
sets local chars j
create chars j
creates chars j
define chars j
defines chars j
declare chars j
declares chars j
set chars j
sets chars j
create global chars k
creates global chars k
define global chars k
defines global chars k
declare global chars k
declares global chars k
set global chars k
sets global chars k
create local chars k
creates local chars k
define local chars k
defines local chars k
declare local chars k
declares local chars k
set local chars k
sets local chars k
create chars k
creates chars k
define chars k
defines chars k
declare chars k
declares chars k
set chars k
sets chars k
create global chars a
creates global chars a
define global chars a
defines global chars a
declare global chars a
declares global chars a
set global chars a
sets global chars a
create local chars a
creates local chars a
define local chars a
defines local chars a
declare local chars a
declares local chars a
set local chars a
sets local chars a
create chars a
creates chars a
define chars a
defines chars a
declare chars a
declares chars a
set chars a
sets chars a
create global chars b
creates global chars b
define global chars b
defines global chars b
declare global chars b
declares global chars b
set global chars b
sets global chars b
create local chars b
creates local chars b
define local chars b
defines local chars b
declare local chars b
declares local chars b
set local chars b
sets local chars b
create chars b
creates chars b
define chars b
defines chars b
declare chars b
declares chars b
set chars b
sets chars b
create global chars c
creates global chars c
define global chars c
defines global chars c
declare global chars c
declares global chars c
set global chars c
sets global chars c
create local chars c
creates local chars c
define local chars c
defines local chars c
declare local chars c
declares local chars c
set local chars c
sets local chars c
create chars c
creates chars c
define chars c
defines chars c
declare chars c
declares chars c
set chars c
sets chars c
create global string string0
creates global string string0
define global string string0
defines global string string0
declare global string string0
declares global string string0
set global string string0
sets global string string0
create local string string0
creates local string string0
define local string string0
defines local string string0
declare local string string0
declares local string string0
set local string string0
sets local string string0
create string string0
creates string string0
define string string0
defines string string0
declare string string0
declares string string0
set string string0
sets string string0
create global string string1
creates global string string1
define global string string1
defines global string string1
declare global string string1
declares global string string1
set global string string1
sets global string string1
create local string string1
creates local string string1
define local string string1
defines local string string1
declare local string string1
declares local string string1
set local string string1
sets local string string1
create string string1
creates string string1
define string string1
defines string string1
declare string string1
declares string string1
set string string1
sets string string1
create global string string2
creates global string string2
define global string string2
defines global string string2
declare global string string2
declares global string string2
set global string string2
sets global string string2
create local string string2
creates local string string2
define local string string2
defines local string string2
declare local string string2
declares local string string2
set local string string2
sets local string string2
create string string2
creates string string2
define string string2
defines string string2
declare string string2
declares string string2
set string string2
sets string string2
create global string i
creates global string i
define global string i
defines global string i
declare global string i
declares global string i
set global string i
sets global string i
create local string i
creates local string i
define local string i
defines local string i
declare local string i
declares local string i
set local string i
sets local string i
create string i
creates string i
define string i
defines string i
declare string i
declares string i
set string i
sets string i
create global string j
creates global string j
define global string j
defines global string j
declare global string j
declares global string j
set global string j
sets global string j
create local string j
creates local string j
define local string j
defines local string j
declare local string j
declares local string j
set local string j
sets local string j
create string j
creates string j
define string j
defines string j
declare string j
declares string j
set string j
sets string j
create global string k
creates global string k
define global string k
defines global string k
declare global string k
declares global string k
set global string k
sets global string k
create local string k
creates local string k
define local string k
defines local string k
declare local string k
declares local string k
set local string k
sets local string k
create string k
creates string k
define string k
defines string k
declare string k
declares string k
set string k
sets string k
create global string a
creates global string a
define global string a
defines global string a
declare global string a
declares global string a
set global string a
sets global string a
create local string a
creates local string a
define local string a
defines local string a
declare local string a
declares local string a
set local string a
sets local string a
create string a
creates string a
define string a
defines string a
declare string a
declares string a
set string a
sets string a
create global string b
creates global string b
define global string b
defines global string b
declare global string b
declares global string b
set global string b
sets global string b
create local string b
creates local string b
define local string b
defines local string b
declare local string b
declares local string b
set local string b
sets local string b
create string b
creates string b
define string b
defines string b
declare string b
declares string b
set string b
sets string b
create global string c
creates global string c
define global string c
defines global string c
declare global string c
declares global string c
set global string c
sets global string c
create local string c
creates local string c
define local string c
defines local string c
declare local string c
declares local string c
set local string c
sets local string c
create string c
creates string c
define string c
defines string c
declare string c
declares string c
set string c
sets string c
create global strings strings0
creates global strings strings0
define global strings strings0
defines global strings strings0
declare global strings strings0
declares global strings strings0
set global strings strings0
sets global strings strings0
create local strings strings0
creates local strings strings0
define local strings strings0
defines local strings strings0
declare local strings strings0
declares local strings strings0
set local strings strings0
sets local strings strings0
create strings strings0
creates strings strings0
define strings strings0
defines strings strings0
declare strings strings0
declares strings strings0
set strings strings0
sets strings strings0
create global strings strings1
creates global strings strings1
define global strings strings1
defines global strings strings1
declare global strings strings1
declares global strings strings1
set global strings strings1
sets global strings strings1
create local strings strings1
creates local strings strings1
define local strings strings1
defines local strings strings1
declare local strings strings1
declares local strings strings1
set local strings strings1
sets local strings strings1
create strings strings1
creates strings strings1
define strings strings1
defines strings strings1
declare strings strings1
declares strings strings1
set strings strings1
sets strings strings1
create global strings strings2
creates global strings strings2
define global strings strings2
defines global strings strings2
declare global strings strings2
declares global strings strings2
set global strings strings2
sets global strings strings2
create local strings strings2
creates local strings strings2
define local strings strings2
defines local strings strings2
declare local strings strings2
declares local strings strings2
set local strings strings2
sets local strings strings2
create strings strings2
creates strings strings2
define strings strings2
defines strings strings2
declare strings strings2
declares strings strings2
set strings strings2
sets strings strings2
create global strings i
creates global strings i
define global strings i
defines global strings i
declare global strings i
declares global strings i
set global strings i
sets global strings i
create local strings i
creates local strings i
define local strings i
defines local strings i
declare local strings i
declares local strings i
set local strings i
sets local strings i
create strings i
creates strings i
define strings i
defines strings i
declare strings i
declares strings i
set strings i
sets strings i
create global strings j
creates global strings j
define global strings j
defines global strings j
declare global strings j
declares global strings j
set global strings j
sets global strings j
create local strings j
creates local strings j
define local strings j
defines local strings j
declare local strings j
declares local strings j
set local strings j
sets local strings j
create strings j
creates strings j
define strings j
defines strings j
declare strings j
declares strings j
set strings j
sets strings j
create global strings k
creates global strings k
define global strings k
defines global strings k
declare global strings k
declares global strings k
set global strings k
sets global strings k
create local strings k
creates local strings k
define local strings k
defines local strings k
declare local strings k
declares local strings k
set local strings k
sets local strings k
create strings k
creates strings k
define strings k
defines strings k
declare strings k
declares strings k
set strings k
sets strings k
create global strings a
creates global strings a
define global strings a
defines global strings a
declare global strings a
declares global strings a
set global strings a
sets global strings a
create local strings a
creates local strings a
define local strings a
defines local strings a
declare local strings a
declares local strings a
set local strings a
sets local strings a
create strings a
creates strings a
define strings a
defines strings a
declare strings a
declares strings a
set strings a
sets strings a
create global strings b
creates global strings b
define global strings b
defines global strings b
declare global strings b
declares global strings b
set global strings b
sets global strings b
create local strings b
creates local strings b
define local strings b
defines local strings b
declare local strings b
declares local strings b
set local strings b
sets local strings b
create strings b
creates strings b
define strings b
defines strings b
declare strings b
declares strings b
set strings b
sets strings b
create global strings c
creates global strings c
define global strings c
defines global strings c
declare global strings c
declares global strings c
set global strings c
sets global strings c
create local strings c
creates local strings c
define local strings c
defines local strings c
declare local strings c
declares local strings c
set local strings c
sets local strings c
create strings c
creates strings c
define strings c
defines strings c
declare strings c
declares strings c
set strings c
sets strings c
create global str str0
creates global str str0
define global str str0
defines global str str0
declare global str str0
declares global str str0
set global str str0
sets global str str0
create local str str0
creates local str str0
define local str str0
defines local str str0
declare local str str0
declares local str str0
set local str str0
sets local str str0
create str str0
creates str str0
define str str0
defines str str0
declare str str0
declares str str0
set str str0
sets str str0
create global str str1
creates global str str1
define global str str1
defines global str str1
declare global str str1
declares global str str1
set global str str1
sets global str str1
create local str str1
creates local str str1
define local str str1
defines local str str1
declare local str str1
declares local str str1
set local str str1
sets local str str1
create str str1
creates str str1
define str str1
defines str str1
declare str str1
declares str str1
set str str1
sets str str1
create global str str2
creates global str str2
define global str str2
defines global str str2
declare global str str2
declares global str str2
set global str str2
sets global str str2
create local str str2
creates local str str2
define local str str2
defines local str str2
declare local str str2
declares local str str2
set local str str2
sets local str str2
create str str2
creates str str2
define str str2
defines str str2
declare str str2
declares str str2
set str str2
sets str str2
create global str i
creates global str i
define global str i
defines global str i
declare global str i
declares global str i
set global str i
sets global str i
create local str i
creates local str i
define local str i
defines local str i
declare local str i
declares local str i
set local str i
sets local str i
create str i
creates str i
define str i
defines str i
declare str i
declares str i
set str i
sets str i
create global str j
creates global str j
define global str j
defines global str j
declare global str j
declares global str j
set global str j
sets global str j
create local str j
creates local str j
define local str j
defines local str j
declare local str j
declares local str j
set local str j
sets local str j
create str j
creates str j
define str j
defines str j
declare str j
declares str j
set str j
sets str j
create global str k
creates global str k
define global str k
defines global str k
declare global str k
declares global str k
set global str k
sets global str k
create local str k
creates local str k
define local str k
defines local str k
declare local str k
declares local str k
set local str k
sets local str k
create str k
creates str k
define str k
defines str k
declare str k
declares str k
set str k
sets str k
create global str a
creates global str a
define global str a
defines global str a
declare global str a
declares global str a
set global str a
sets global str a
create local str a
creates local str a
define local str a
defines local str a
declare local str a
declares local str a
set local str a
sets local str a
create str a
creates str a
define str a
defines str a
declare str a
declares str a
set str a
sets str a
create global str b
creates global str b
define global str b
defines global str b
declare global str b
declares global str b
set global str b
sets global str b
create local str b
creates local str b
define local str b
defines local str b
declare local str b
declares local str b
set local str b
sets local str b
create str b
creates str b
define str b
defines str b
declare str b
declares str b
set str b
sets str b
create global str c
creates global str c
define global str c
defines global str c
declare global str c
declares global str c
set global str c
sets global str c
create local str c
creates local str c
define local str c
defines local str c
declare local str c
declares local str c
set local str c
sets local str c
create str c
creates str c
define str c
defines str c
declare str c
declares str c
set str c
sets str c
create global strs strs0
creates global strs strs0
define global strs strs0
defines global strs strs0
declare global strs strs0
declares global strs strs0
set global strs strs0
sets global strs strs0
create local strs strs0
creates local strs strs0
define local strs strs0
defines local strs strs0
declare local strs strs0
declares local strs strs0
set local strs strs0
sets local strs strs0
create strs strs0
creates strs strs0
define strs strs0
defines strs strs0
declare strs strs0
declares strs strs0
set strs strs0
sets strs strs0
create global strs strs1
creates global strs strs1
define global strs strs1
defines global strs strs1
declare global strs strs1
declares global strs strs1
set global strs strs1
sets global strs strs1
create local strs strs1
creates local strs strs1
define local strs strs1
defines local strs strs1
declare local strs strs1
declares local strs strs1
set local strs strs1
sets local strs strs1
create strs strs1
creates strs strs1
define strs strs1
defines strs strs1
declare strs strs1
declares strs strs1
set strs strs1
sets strs strs1
create global strs strs2
creates global strs strs2
define global strs strs2
defines global strs strs2
declare global strs strs2
declares global strs strs2
set global strs strs2
sets global strs strs2
create local strs strs2
creates local strs strs2
define local strs strs2
defines local strs strs2
declare local strs strs2
declares local strs strs2
set local strs strs2
sets local strs strs2
create strs strs2
creates strs strs2
define strs strs2
defines strs strs2
declare strs strs2
declares strs strs2
set strs strs2
sets strs strs2
create global strs i
creates global strs i
define global strs i
defines global strs i
declare global strs i
declares global strs i
set global strs i
sets global strs i
create local strs i
creates local strs i
define local strs i
defines local strs i
declare local strs i
declares local strs i
set local strs i
sets local strs i
create strs i
creates strs i
define strs i
defines strs i
declare strs i
declares strs i
set strs i
sets strs i
create global strs j
creates global strs j
define global strs j
defines global strs j
declare global strs j
declares global strs j
set global strs j
sets global strs j
create local strs j
creates local strs j
define local strs j
defines local strs j
declare local strs j
declares local strs j
set local strs j
sets local strs j
create strs j
creates strs j
define strs j
defines strs j
declare strs j
declares strs j
set strs j
sets strs j
create global strs k
creates global strs k
define global strs k
defines global strs k
declare global strs k
declares global strs k
set global strs k
sets global strs k
create local strs k
creates local strs k
define local strs k
defines local strs k
declare local strs k
declares local strs k
set local strs k
sets local strs k
create strs k
creates strs k
define strs k
defines strs k
declare strs k
declares strs k
set strs k
sets strs k
create global strs a
creates global strs a
define global strs a
defines global strs a
declare global strs a
declares global strs a
set global strs a
sets global strs a
create local strs a
creates local strs a
define local strs a
defines local strs a
declare local strs a
declares local strs a
set local strs a
sets local strs a
create strs a
creates strs a
define strs a
defines strs a
declare strs a
declares strs a
set strs a
sets strs a
create global strs b
creates global strs b
define global strs b
defines global strs b
declare global strs b
declares global strs b
set global strs b
sets global strs b
create local strs b
creates local strs b
define local strs b
defines local strs b
declare local strs b
declares local strs b
set local strs b
sets local strs b
create strs b
creates strs b
define strs b
defines strs b
declare strs b
declares strs b
set strs b
sets strs b
create global strs c
creates global strs c
define global strs c
defines global strs c
declare global strs c
declares global strs c
set global strs c
sets global strs c
create local strs c
creates local strs c
define local strs c
defines local strs c
declare local strs c
declares local strs c
set local strs c
sets local strs c
create strs c
creates strs c
define strs c
defines strs c
declare strs c
declares strs c
set strs c
sets strs c
create global text text0
creates global text text0
define global text text0
defines global text text0
declare global text text0
declares global text text0
set global text text0
sets global text text0
create local text text0
creates local text text0
define local text text0
defines local text text0
declare local text text0
declares local text text0
set local text text0
sets local text text0
create text text0
creates text text0
define text text0
defines text text0
declare text text0
declares text text0
set text text0
sets text text0
create global text text1
creates global text text1
define global text text1
defines global text text1
declare global text text1
declares global text text1
set global text text1
sets global text text1
create local text text1
creates local text text1
define local text text1
defines local text text1
declare local text text1
declares local text text1
set local text text1
sets local text text1
create text text1
creates text text1
define text text1
defines text text1
declare text text1
declares text text1
set text text1
sets text text1
create global text text2
creates global text text2
define global text text2
defines global text text2
declare global text text2
declares global text text2
set global text text2
sets global text text2
create local text text2
creates local text text2
define local text text2
defines local text text2
declare local text text2
declares local text text2
set local text text2
sets local text text2
create text text2
creates text text2
define text text2
defines text text2
declare text text2
declares text text2
set text text2
sets text text2
create global text i
creates global text i
define global text i
defines global text i
declare global text i
declares global text i
set global text i
sets global text i
create local text i
creates local text i
define local text i
defines local text i
declare local text i
declares local text i
set local text i
sets local text i
create text i
creates text i
define text i
defines text i
declare text i
declares text i
set text i
sets text i
create global text j
creates global text j
define global text j
defines global text j
declare global text j
declares global text j
set global text j
sets global text j
create local text j
creates local text j
define local text j
defines local text j
declare local text j
declares local text j
set local text j
sets local text j
create text j
creates text j
define text j
defines text j
declare text j
declares text j
set text j
sets text j
create global text k
creates global text k
define global text k
defines global text k
declare global text k
declares global text k
set global text k
sets global text k
create local text k
creates local text k
define local text k
defines local text k
declare local text k
declares local text k
set local text k
sets local text k
create text k
creates text k
define text k
defines text k
declare text k
declares text k
set text k
sets text k
create global text a
creates global text a
define global text a
defines global text a
declare global text a
declares global text a
set global text a
sets global text a
create local text a
creates local text a
define local text a
defines local text a
declare local text a
declares local text a
set local text a
sets local text a
create text a
creates text a
define text a
defines text a
declare text a
declares text a
set text a
sets text a
create global text b
creates global text b
define global text b
defines global text b
declare global text b
declares global text b
set global text b
sets global text b
create local text b
creates local text b
define local text b
defines local text b
declare local text b
declares local text b
set local text b
sets local text b
create text b
creates text b
define text b
defines text b
declare text b
declares text b
set text b
sets text b
create global text c
creates global text c
define global text c
defines global text c
declare global text c
declares global text c
set global text c
sets global text c
create local text c
creates local text c
define local text c
defines local text c
declare local text c
declares local text c
set local text c
sets local text c
create text c
creates text c
define text c
defines text c
declare text c
declares text c
set text c
sets text c
create global texts texts0
creates global texts texts0
define global texts texts0
defines global texts texts0
declare global texts texts0
declares global texts texts0
set global texts texts0
sets global texts texts0
create local texts texts0
creates local texts texts0
define local texts texts0
defines local texts texts0
declare local texts texts0
declares local texts texts0
set local texts texts0
sets local texts texts0
create texts texts0
creates texts texts0
define texts texts0
defines texts texts0
declare texts texts0
declares texts texts0
set texts texts0
sets texts texts0
create global texts texts1
creates global texts texts1
define global texts texts1
defines global texts texts1
declare global texts texts1
declares global texts texts1
set global texts texts1
sets global texts texts1
create local texts texts1
creates local texts texts1
define local texts texts1
defines local texts texts1
declare local texts texts1
declares local texts texts1
set local texts texts1
sets local texts texts1
create texts texts1
creates texts texts1
define texts texts1
defines texts texts1
declare texts texts1
declares texts texts1
set texts texts1
sets texts texts1
create global texts texts2
creates global texts texts2
define global texts texts2
defines global texts texts2
declare global texts texts2
declares global texts texts2
set global texts texts2
sets global texts texts2
create local texts texts2
creates local texts texts2
define local texts texts2
defines local texts texts2
declare local texts texts2
declares local texts texts2
set local texts texts2
sets local texts texts2
create texts texts2
creates texts texts2
define texts texts2
defines texts texts2
declare texts texts2
declares texts texts2
set texts texts2
sets texts texts2
create global texts i
creates global texts i
define global texts i
defines global texts i
declare global texts i
declares global texts i
set global texts i
sets global texts i
create local texts i
creates local texts i
define local texts i
defines local texts i
declare local texts i
declares local texts i
set local texts i
sets local texts i
create texts i
creates texts i
define texts i
defines texts i
declare texts i
declares texts i
set texts i
sets texts i
create global texts j
creates global texts j
define global texts j
defines global texts j
declare global texts j
declares global texts j
set global texts j
sets global texts j
create local texts j
creates local texts j
define local texts j
defines local texts j
declare local texts j
declares local texts j
set local texts j
sets local texts j
create texts j
creates texts j
define texts j
defines texts j
declare texts j
declares texts j
set texts j
sets texts j
create global texts k
creates global texts k
define global texts k
defines global texts k
declare global texts k
declares global texts k
set global texts k
sets global texts k
create local texts k
creates local texts k
define local texts k
defines local texts k
declare local texts k
declares local texts k
set local texts k
sets local texts k
create texts k
creates texts k
define texts k
defines texts k
declare texts k
declares texts k
set texts k
sets texts k
create global texts a
creates global texts a
define global texts a
defines global texts a
declare global texts a
declares global texts a
set global texts a
sets global texts a
create local texts a
creates local texts a
define local texts a
defines local texts a
declare local texts a
declares local texts a
set local texts a
sets local texts a
create texts a
creates texts a
define texts a
defines texts a
declare texts a
declares texts a
set texts a
sets texts a
create global texts b
creates global texts b
define global texts b
defines global texts b
declare global texts b
declares global texts b
set global texts b
sets global texts b
create local texts b
creates local texts b
define local texts b
defines local texts b
declare local texts b
declares local texts b
set local texts b
sets local texts b
create texts b
creates texts b
define texts b
defines texts b
declare texts b
declares texts b
set texts b
sets texts b
create global texts c
creates global texts c
define global texts c
defines global texts c
declare global texts c
declares global texts c
set global texts c
sets global texts c
create local texts c
creates local texts c
define local texts c
defines local texts c
declare local texts c
declares local texts c
set local texts c
sets local texts c
create texts c
creates texts c
define texts c
defines texts c
declare texts c
declares texts c
set texts c
sets texts c
create global txt txt0
creates global txt txt0
define global txt txt0
defines global txt txt0
declare global txt txt0
declares global txt txt0
set global txt txt0
sets global txt txt0
create local txt txt0
creates local txt txt0
define local txt txt0
defines local txt txt0
declare local txt txt0
declares local txt txt0
set local txt txt0
sets local txt txt0
create txt txt0
creates txt txt0
define txt txt0
defines txt txt0
declare txt txt0
declares txt txt0
set txt txt0
sets txt txt0
create global txt txt1
creates global txt txt1
define global txt txt1
defines global txt txt1
declare global txt txt1
declares global txt txt1
set global txt txt1
sets global txt txt1
create local txt txt1
creates local txt txt1
define local txt txt1
defines local txt txt1
declare local txt txt1
declares local txt txt1
set local txt txt1
sets local txt txt1
create txt txt1
creates txt txt1
define txt txt1
defines txt txt1
declare txt txt1
declares txt txt1
set txt txt1
sets txt txt1
create global txt txt2
creates global txt txt2
define global txt txt2
defines global txt txt2
declare global txt txt2
declares global txt txt2
set global txt txt2
sets global txt txt2
create local txt txt2
creates local txt txt2
define local txt txt2
defines local txt txt2
declare local txt txt2
declares local txt txt2
set local txt txt2
sets local txt txt2
create txt txt2
creates txt txt2
define txt txt2
defines txt txt2
declare txt txt2
declares txt txt2
set txt txt2
sets txt txt2
create global txt i
creates global txt i
define global txt i
defines global txt i
declare global txt i
declares global txt i
set global txt i
sets global txt i
create local txt i
creates local txt i
define local txt i
defines local txt i
declare local txt i
declares local txt i
set local txt i
sets local txt i
create txt i
creates txt i
define txt i
defines txt i
declare txt i
declares txt i
set txt i
sets txt i
create global txt j
creates global txt j
define global txt j
defines global txt j
declare global txt j
declares global txt j
set global txt j
sets global txt j
create local txt j
creates local txt j
define local txt j
defines local txt j
declare local txt j
declares local txt j
set local txt j
sets local txt j
create txt j
creates txt j
define txt j
defines txt j
declare txt j
declares txt j
set txt j
sets txt j
create global txt k
creates global txt k
define global txt k
defines global txt k
declare global txt k
declares global txt k
set global txt k
sets global txt k
create local txt k
creates local txt k
define local txt k
defines local txt k
declare local txt k
declares local txt k
set local txt k
sets local txt k
create txt k
creates txt k
define txt k
defines txt k
declare txt k
declares txt k
set txt k
sets txt k
create global txt a
creates global txt a
define global txt a
defines global txt a
declare global txt a
declares global txt a
set global txt a
sets global txt a
create local txt a
creates local txt a
define local txt a
defines local txt a
declare local txt a
declares local txt a
set local txt a
sets local txt a
create txt a
creates txt a
define txt a
defines txt a
declare txt a
declares txt a
set txt a
sets txt a
create global txt b
creates global txt b
define global txt b
defines global txt b
declare global txt b
declares global txt b
set global txt b
sets global txt b
create local txt b
creates local txt b
define local txt b
defines local txt b
declare local txt b
declares local txt b
set local txt b
sets local txt b
create txt b
creates txt b
define txt b
defines txt b
declare txt b
declares txt b
set txt b
sets txt b
create global txt c
creates global txt c
define global txt c
defines global txt c
declare global txt c
declares global txt c
set global txt c
sets global txt c
create local txt c
creates local txt c
define local txt c
defines local txt c
declare local txt c
declares local txt c
set local txt c
sets local txt c
create txt c
creates txt c
define txt c
defines txt c
declare txt c
declares txt c
set txt c
sets txt c
create global txts txts0
creates global txts txts0
define global txts txts0
defines global txts txts0
declare global txts txts0
declares global txts txts0
set global txts txts0
sets global txts txts0
create local txts txts0
creates local txts txts0
define local txts txts0
defines local txts txts0
declare local txts txts0
declares local txts txts0
set local txts txts0
sets local txts txts0
create txts txts0
creates txts txts0
define txts txts0
defines txts txts0
declare txts txts0
declares txts txts0
set txts txts0
sets txts txts0
create global txts txts1
creates global txts txts1
define global txts txts1
defines global txts txts1
declare global txts txts1
declares global txts txts1
set global txts txts1
sets global txts txts1
create local txts txts1
creates local txts txts1
define local txts txts1
defines local txts txts1
declare local txts txts1
declares local txts txts1
set local txts txts1
sets local txts txts1
create txts txts1
creates txts txts1
define txts txts1
defines txts txts1
declare txts txts1
declares txts txts1
set txts txts1
sets txts txts1
create global txts txts2
creates global txts txts2
define global txts txts2
defines global txts txts2
declare global txts txts2
declares global txts txts2
set global txts txts2
sets global txts txts2
create local txts txts2
creates local txts txts2
define local txts txts2
defines local txts txts2
declare local txts txts2
declares local txts txts2
set local txts txts2
sets local txts txts2
create txts txts2
creates txts txts2
define txts txts2
defines txts txts2
declare txts txts2
declares txts txts2
set txts txts2
sets txts txts2
create global txts i
creates global txts i
define global txts i
defines global txts i
declare global txts i
declares global txts i
set global txts i
sets global txts i
create local txts i
creates local txts i
define local txts i
defines local txts i
declare local txts i
declares local txts i
set local txts i
sets local txts i
create txts i
creates txts i
define txts i
defines txts i
declare txts i
declares txts i
set txts i
sets txts i
create global txts j
creates global txts j
define global txts j
defines global txts j
declare global txts j
declares global txts j
set global txts j
sets global txts j
create local txts j
creates local txts j
define local txts j
defines local txts j
declare local txts j
declares local txts j
set local txts j
sets local txts j
create txts j
creates txts j
define txts j
defines txts j
declare txts j
declares txts j
set txts j
sets txts j
create global txts k
creates global txts k
define global txts k
defines global txts k
declare global txts k
declares global txts k
set global txts k
sets global txts k
create local txts k
creates local txts k
define local txts k
defines local txts k
declare local txts k
declares local txts k
set local txts k
sets local txts k
create txts k
creates txts k
define txts k
defines txts k
declare txts k
declares txts k
set txts k
sets txts k
create global txts a
creates global txts a
define global txts a
defines global txts a
declare global txts a
declares global txts a
set global txts a
sets global txts a
create local txts a
creates local txts a
define local txts a
defines local txts a
declare local txts a
declares local txts a
set local txts a
sets local txts a
create txts a
creates txts a
define txts a
defines txts a
declare txts a
declares txts a
set txts a
sets txts a
create global txts b
creates global txts b
define global txts b
defines global txts b
declare global txts b
declares global txts b
set global txts b
sets global txts b
create local txts b
creates local txts b
define local txts b
defines local txts b
declare local txts b
declares local txts b
set local txts b
sets local txts b
create txts b
creates txts b
define txts b
defines txts b
declare txts b
declares txts b
set txts b
sets txts b
create global txts c
creates global txts c
define global txts c
defines global txts c
declare global txts c
declares global txts c
set global txts c
sets global txts c
create local txts c
creates local txts c
define local txts c
defines local txts c
declare local txts c
declares local txts c
set local txts c
sets local txts c
create txts c
creates txts c
define txts c
defines txts c
declare txts c
declares txts c
set txts c
sets txts c
create global array array0
creates global array array0
define global array array0
defines global array array0
declare global array array0
declares global array array0
set global array array0
sets global array array0
create local array array0
creates local array array0
define local array array0
defines local array array0
declare local array array0
declares local array array0
set local array array0
sets local array array0
create array array0
creates array array0
define array array0
defines array array0
declare array array0
declares array array0
set array array0
sets array array0
create global array array1
creates global array array1
define global array array1
defines global array array1
declare global array array1
declares global array array1
set global array array1
sets global array array1
create local array array1
creates local array array1
define local array array1
defines local array array1
declare local array array1
declares local array array1
set local array array1
sets local array array1
create array array1
creates array array1
define array array1
defines array array1
declare array array1
declares array array1
set array array1
sets array array1
create global array array2
creates global array array2
define global array array2
defines global array array2
declare global array array2
declares global array array2
set global array array2
sets global array array2
create local array array2
creates local array array2
define local array array2
defines local array array2
declare local array array2
declares local array array2
set local array array2
sets local array array2
create array array2
creates array array2
define array array2
defines array array2
declare array array2
declares array array2
set array array2
sets array array2
create global array i
creates global array i
define global array i
defines global array i
declare global array i
declares global array i
set global array i
sets global array i
create local array i
creates local array i
define local array i
defines local array i
declare local array i
declares local array i
set local array i
sets local array i
create array i
creates array i
define array i
defines array i
declare array i
declares array i
set array i
sets array i
create global array j
creates global array j
define global array j
defines global array j
declare global array j
declares global array j
set global array j
sets global array j
create local array j
creates local array j
define local array j
defines local array j
declare local array j
declares local array j
set local array j
sets local array j
create array j
creates array j
define array j
defines array j
declare array j
declares array j
set array j
sets array j
create global array k
creates global array k
define global array k
defines global array k
declare global array k
declares global array k
set global array k
sets global array k
create local array k
creates local array k
define local array k
defines local array k
declare local array k
declares local array k
set local array k
sets local array k
create array k
creates array k
define array k
defines array k
declare array k
declares array k
set array k
sets array k
create global array a
creates global array a
define global array a
defines global array a
declare global array a
declares global array a
set global array a
sets global array a
create local array a
creates local array a
define local array a
defines local array a
declare local array a
declares local array a
set local array a
sets local array a
create array a
creates array a
define array a
defines array a
declare array a
declares array a
set array a
sets array a
create global array b
creates global array b
define global array b
defines global array b
declare global array b
declares global array b
set global array b
sets global array b
create local array b
creates local array b
define local array b
defines local array b
declare local array b
declares local array b
set local array b
sets local array b
create array b
creates array b
define array b
defines array b
declare array b
declares array b
set array b
sets array b
create global array c
creates global array c
define global array c
defines global array c
declare global array c
declares global array c
set global array c
sets global array c
create local array c
creates local array c
define local array c
defines local array c
declare local array c
declares local array c
set local array c
sets local array c
create array c
creates array c
define array c
defines array c
declare array c
declares array c
set array c
sets array c
create global arrays arrays0
creates global arrays arrays0
define global arrays arrays0
defines global arrays arrays0
declare global arrays arrays0
declares global arrays arrays0
set global arrays arrays0
sets global arrays arrays0
create local arrays arrays0
creates local arrays arrays0
define local arrays arrays0
defines local arrays arrays0
declare local arrays arrays0
declares local arrays arrays0
set local arrays arrays0
sets local arrays arrays0
create arrays arrays0
creates arrays arrays0
define arrays arrays0
defines arrays arrays0
declare arrays arrays0
declares arrays arrays0
set arrays arrays0
sets arrays arrays0
create global arrays arrays1
creates global arrays arrays1
define global arrays arrays1
defines global arrays arrays1
declare global arrays arrays1
declares global arrays arrays1
set global arrays arrays1
sets global arrays arrays1
create local arrays arrays1
creates local arrays arrays1
define local arrays arrays1
defines local arrays arrays1
declare local arrays arrays1
declares local arrays arrays1
set local arrays arrays1
sets local arrays arrays1
create arrays arrays1
creates arrays arrays1
define arrays arrays1
defines arrays arrays1
declare arrays arrays1
declares arrays arrays1
set arrays arrays1
sets arrays arrays1
create global arrays arrays2
creates global arrays arrays2
define global arrays arrays2
defines global arrays arrays2
declare global arrays arrays2
declares global arrays arrays2
set global arrays arrays2
sets global arrays arrays2
create local arrays arrays2
creates local arrays arrays2
define local arrays arrays2
defines local arrays arrays2
declare local arrays arrays2
declares local arrays arrays2
set local arrays arrays2
sets local arrays arrays2
create arrays arrays2
creates arrays arrays2
define arrays arrays2
defines arrays arrays2
declare arrays arrays2
declares arrays arrays2
set arrays arrays2
sets arrays arrays2
create global arrays i
creates global arrays i
define global arrays i
defines global arrays i
declare global arrays i
declares global arrays i
set global arrays i
sets global arrays i
create local arrays i
creates local arrays i
define local arrays i
defines local arrays i
declare local arrays i
declares local arrays i
set local arrays i
sets local arrays i
create arrays i
creates arrays i
define arrays i
defines arrays i
declare arrays i
declares arrays i
set arrays i
sets arrays i
create global arrays j
creates global arrays j
define global arrays j
defines global arrays j
declare global arrays j
declares global arrays j
set global arrays j
sets global arrays j
create local arrays j
creates local arrays j
define local arrays j
defines local arrays j
declare local arrays j
declares local arrays j
set local arrays j
sets local arrays j
create arrays j
creates arrays j
define arrays j
defines arrays j
declare arrays j
declares arrays j
set arrays j
sets arrays j
create global arrays k
creates global arrays k
define global arrays k
defines global arrays k
declare global arrays k
declares global arrays k
set global arrays k
sets global arrays k
create local arrays k
creates local arrays k
define local arrays k
defines local arrays k
declare local arrays k
declares local arrays k
set local arrays k
sets local arrays k
create arrays k
creates arrays k
define arrays k
defines arrays k
declare arrays k
declares arrays k
set arrays k
sets arrays k
create global arrays a
creates global arrays a
define global arrays a
defines global arrays a
declare global arrays a
declares global arrays a
set global arrays a
sets global arrays a
create local arrays a
creates local arrays a
define local arrays a
defines local arrays a
declare local arrays a
declares local arrays a
set local arrays a
sets local arrays a
create arrays a
creates arrays a
define arrays a
defines arrays a
declare arrays a
declares arrays a
set arrays a
sets arrays a
create global arrays b
creates global arrays b
define global arrays b
defines global arrays b
declare global arrays b
declares global arrays b
set global arrays b
sets global arrays b
create local arrays b
creates local arrays b
define local arrays b
defines local arrays b
declare local arrays b
declares local arrays b
set local arrays b
sets local arrays b
create arrays b
creates arrays b
define arrays b
defines arrays b
declare arrays b
declares arrays b
set arrays b
sets arrays b
create global arrays c
creates global arrays c
define global arrays c
defines global arrays c
declare global arrays c
declares global arrays c
set global arrays c
sets global arrays c
create local arrays c
creates local arrays c
define local arrays c
defines local arrays c
declare local arrays c
declares local arrays c
set local arrays c
sets local arrays c
create arrays c
creates arrays c
define arrays c
defines arrays c
declare arrays c
declares arrays c
set arrays c
sets arrays c
create global list list0
creates global list list0
define global list list0
defines global list list0
declare global list list0
declares global list list0
set global list list0
sets global list list0
create local list list0
creates local list list0
define local list list0
defines local list list0
declare local list list0
declares local list list0
set local list list0
sets local list list0
create list list0
creates list list0
define list list0
defines list list0
declare list list0
declares list list0
set list list0
sets list list0
create global list list1
creates global list list1
define global list list1
defines global list list1
declare global list list1
declares global list list1
set global list list1
sets global list list1
create local list list1
creates local list list1
define local list list1
defines local list list1
declare local list list1
declares local list list1
set local list list1
sets local list list1
create list list1
creates list list1
define list list1
defines list list1
declare list list1
declares list list1
set list list1
sets list list1
create global list list2
creates global list list2
define global list list2
defines global list list2
declare global list list2
declares global list list2
set global list list2
sets global list list2
create local list list2
creates local list list2
define local list list2
defines local list list2
declare local list list2
declares local list list2
set local list list2
sets local list list2
create list list2
creates list list2
define list list2
defines list list2
declare list list2
declares list list2
set list list2
sets list list2
create global list i
creates global list i
define global list i
defines global list i
declare global list i
declares global list i
set global list i
sets global list i
create local list i
creates local list i
define local list i
defines local list i
declare local list i
declares local list i
set local list i
sets local list i
create list i
creates list i
define list i
defines list i
declare list i
declares list i
set list i
sets list i
create global list j
creates global list j
define global list j
defines global list j
declare global list j
declares global list j
set global list j
sets global list j
create local list j
creates local list j
define local list j
defines local list j
declare local list j
declares local list j
set local list j
sets local list j
create list j
creates list j
define list j
defines list j
declare list j
declares list j
set list j
sets list j
create global list k
creates global list k
define global list k
defines global list k
declare global list k
declares global list k
set global list k
sets global list k
create local list k
creates local list k
define local list k
defines local list k
declare local list k
declares local list k
set local list k
sets local list k
create list k
creates list k
define list k
defines list k
declare list k
declares list k
set list k
sets list k
create global list a
creates global list a
define global list a
defines global list a
declare global list a
declares global list a
set global list a
sets global list a
create local list a
creates local list a
define local list a
defines local list a
declare local list a
declares local list a
set local list a
sets local list a
create list a
creates list a
define list a
defines list a
declare list a
declares list a
set list a
sets list a
create global list b
creates global list b
define global list b
defines global list b
declare global list b
declares global list b
set global list b
sets global list b
create local list b
creates local list b
define local list b
defines local list b
declare local list b
declares local list b
set local list b
sets local list b
create list b
creates list b
define list b
defines list b
declare list b
declares list b
set list b
sets list b
create global list c
creates global list c
define global list c
defines global list c
declare global list c
declares global list c
set global list c
sets global list c
create local list c
creates local list c
define local list c
defines local list c
declare local list c
declares local list c
set local list c
sets local list c
create list c
creates list c
define list c
defines list c
declare list c
declares list c
set list c
sets list c
create global lists lists0
creates global lists lists0
define global lists lists0
defines global lists lists0
declare global lists lists0
declares global lists lists0
set global lists lists0
sets global lists lists0
create local lists lists0
creates local lists lists0
define local lists lists0
defines local lists lists0
declare local lists lists0
declares local lists lists0
set local lists lists0
sets local lists lists0
create lists lists0
creates lists lists0
define lists lists0
defines lists lists0
declare lists lists0
declares lists lists0
set lists lists0
sets lists lists0
create global lists lists1
creates global lists lists1
define global lists lists1
defines global lists lists1
declare global lists lists1
declares global lists lists1
set global lists lists1
sets global lists lists1
create local lists lists1
creates local lists lists1
define local lists lists1
defines local lists lists1
declare local lists lists1
declares local lists lists1
set local lists lists1
sets local lists lists1
create lists lists1
creates lists lists1
define lists lists1
defines lists lists1
declare lists lists1
declares lists lists1
set lists lists1
sets lists lists1
create global lists lists2
creates global lists lists2
define global lists lists2
defines global lists lists2
declare global lists lists2
declares global lists lists2
set global lists lists2
sets global lists lists2
create local lists lists2
creates local lists lists2
define local lists lists2
defines local lists lists2
declare local lists lists2
declares local lists lists2
set local lists lists2
sets local lists lists2
create lists lists2
creates lists lists2
define lists lists2
defines lists lists2
declare lists lists2
declares lists lists2
set lists lists2
sets lists lists2
create global lists i
creates global lists i
define global lists i
defines global lists i
declare global lists i
declares global lists i
set global lists i
sets global lists i
create local lists i
creates local lists i
define local lists i
defines local lists i
declare local lists i
declares local lists i
set local lists i
sets local lists i
create lists i
creates lists i
define lists i
defines lists i
declare lists i
declares lists i
set lists i
sets lists i
create global lists j
creates global lists j
define global lists j
defines global lists j
declare global lists j
declares global lists j
set global lists j
sets global lists j
create local lists j
creates local lists j
define local lists j
defines local lists j
declare local lists j
declares local lists j
set local lists j
sets local lists j
create lists j
creates lists j
define lists j
defines lists j
declare lists j
declares lists j
set lists j
sets lists j
create global lists k
creates global lists k
define global lists k
defines global lists k
declare global lists k
declares global lists k
set global lists k
sets global lists k
create local lists k
creates local lists k
define local lists k
defines local lists k
declare local lists k
declares local lists k
set local lists k
sets local lists k
create lists k
creates lists k
define lists k
defines lists k
declare lists k
declares lists k
set lists k
sets lists k
create global lists a
creates global lists a
define global lists a
defines global lists a
declare global lists a
declares global lists a
set global lists a
sets global lists a
create local lists a
creates local lists a
define local lists a
defines local lists a
declare local lists a
declares local lists a
set local lists a
sets local lists a
create lists a
creates lists a
define lists a
defines lists a
declare lists a
declares lists a
set lists a
sets lists a
create global lists b
creates global lists b
define global lists b
defines global lists b
declare global lists b
declares global lists b
set global lists b
sets global lists b
create local lists b
creates local lists b
define local lists b
defines local lists b
declare local lists b
declares local lists b
set local lists b
sets local lists b
create lists b
creates lists b
define lists b
defines lists b
declare lists b
declares lists b
set lists b
sets lists b
create global lists c
creates global lists c
define global lists c
defines global lists c
declare global lists c
declares global lists c
set global lists c
sets global lists c
create local lists c
creates local lists c
define local lists c
defines local lists c
declare local lists c
declares local lists c
set local lists c
sets local lists c
create lists c
creates lists c
define lists c
defines lists c
declare lists c
declares lists c
set lists c
sets lists c
create global vector vector0
creates global vector vector0
define global vector vector0
defines global vector vector0
declare global vector vector0
declares global vector vector0
set global vector vector0
sets global vector vector0
create local vector vector0
creates local vector vector0
define local vector vector0
defines local vector vector0
declare local vector vector0
declares local vector vector0
set local vector vector0
sets local vector vector0
create vector vector0
creates vector vector0
define vector vector0
defines vector vector0
declare vector vector0
declares vector vector0
set vector vector0
sets vector vector0
create global vector vector1
creates global vector vector1
define global vector vector1
defines global vector vector1
declare global vector vector1
declares global vector vector1
set global vector vector1
sets global vector vector1
create local vector vector1
creates local vector vector1
define local vector vector1
defines local vector vector1
declare local vector vector1
declares local vector vector1
set local vector vector1
sets local vector vector1
create vector vector1
creates vector vector1
define vector vector1
defines vector vector1
declare vector vector1
declares vector vector1
set vector vector1
sets vector vector1
create global vector vector2
creates global vector vector2
define global vector vector2
defines global vector vector2
declare global vector vector2
declares global vector vector2
set global vector vector2
sets global vector vector2
create local vector vector2
creates local vector vector2
define local vector vector2
defines local vector vector2
declare local vector vector2
declares local vector vector2
set local vector vector2
sets local vector vector2
create vector vector2
creates vector vector2
define vector vector2
defines vector vector2
declare vector vector2
declares vector vector2
set vector vector2
sets vector vector2
create global vector i
creates global vector i
define global vector i
defines global vector i
declare global vector i
declares global vector i
set global vector i
sets global vector i
create local vector i
creates local vector i
define local vector i
defines local vector i
declare local vector i
declares local vector i
set local vector i
sets local vector i
create vector i
creates vector i
define vector i
defines vector i
declare vector i
declares vector i
set vector i
sets vector i
create global vector j
creates global vector j
define global vector j
defines global vector j
declare global vector j
declares global vector j
set global vector j
sets global vector j
create local vector j
creates local vector j
define local vector j
defines local vector j
declare local vector j
declares local vector j
set local vector j
sets local vector j
create vector j
creates vector j
define vector j
defines vector j
declare vector j
declares vector j
set vector j
sets vector j
create global vector k
creates global vector k
define global vector k
defines global vector k
declare global vector k
declares global vector k
set global vector k
sets global vector k
create local vector k
creates local vector k
define local vector k
defines local vector k
declare local vector k
declares local vector k
set local vector k
sets local vector k
create vector k
creates vector k
define vector k
defines vector k
declare vector k
declares vector k
set vector k
sets vector k
create global vector a
creates global vector a
define global vector a
defines global vector a
declare global vector a
declares global vector a
set global vector a
sets global vector a
create local vector a
creates local vector a
define local vector a
defines local vector a
declare local vector a
declares local vector a
set local vector a
sets local vector a
create vector a
creates vector a
define vector a
defines vector a
declare vector a
declares vector a
set vector a
sets vector a
create global vector b
creates global vector b
define global vector b
defines global vector b
declare global vector b
declares global vector b
set global vector b
sets global vector b
create local vector b
creates local vector b
define local vector b
defines local vector b
declare local vector b
declares local vector b
set local vector b
sets local vector b
create vector b
creates vector b
define vector b
defines vector b
declare vector b
declares vector b
set vector b
sets vector b
create global vector c
creates global vector c
define global vector c
defines global vector c
declare global vector c
declares global vector c
set global vector c
sets global vector c
create local vector c
creates local vector c
define local vector c
defines local vector c
declare local vector c
declares local vector c
set local vector c
sets local vector c
create vector c
creates vector c
define vector c
defines vector c
declare vector c
declares vector c
set vector c
sets vector c
create global vectors vectors0
creates global vectors vectors0
define global vectors vectors0
defines global vectors vectors0
declare global vectors vectors0
declares global vectors vectors0
set global vectors vectors0
sets global vectors vectors0
create local vectors vectors0
creates local vectors vectors0
define local vectors vectors0
defines local vectors vectors0
declare local vectors vectors0
declares local vectors vectors0
set local vectors vectors0
sets local vectors vectors0
create vectors vectors0
creates vectors vectors0
define vectors vectors0
defines vectors vectors0
declare vectors vectors0
declares vectors vectors0
set vectors vectors0
sets vectors vectors0
create global vectors vectors1
creates global vectors vectors1
define global vectors vectors1
defines global vectors vectors1
declare global vectors vectors1
declares global vectors vectors1
set global vectors vectors1
sets global vectors vectors1
create local vectors vectors1
creates local vectors vectors1
define local vectors vectors1
defines local vectors vectors1
declare local vectors vectors1
declares local vectors vectors1
set local vectors vectors1
sets local vectors vectors1
create vectors vectors1
creates vectors vectors1
define vectors vectors1
defines vectors vectors1
declare vectors vectors1
declares vectors vectors1
set vectors vectors1
sets vectors vectors1
create global vectors vectors2
creates global vectors vectors2
define global vectors vectors2
defines global vectors vectors2
declare global vectors vectors2
declares global vectors vectors2
set global vectors vectors2
sets global vectors vectors2
create local vectors vectors2
creates local vectors vectors2
define local vectors vectors2
defines local vectors vectors2
declare local vectors vectors2
declares local vectors vectors2
set local vectors vectors2
sets local vectors vectors2
create vectors vectors2
creates vectors vectors2
define vectors vectors2
defines vectors vectors2
declare vectors vectors2
declares vectors vectors2
set vectors vectors2
sets vectors vectors2
create global vectors i
creates global vectors i
define global vectors i
defines global vectors i
declare global vectors i
declares global vectors i
set global vectors i
sets global vectors i
create local vectors i
creates local vectors i
define local vectors i
defines local vectors i
declare local vectors i
declares local vectors i
set local vectors i
sets local vectors i
create vectors i
creates vectors i
define vectors i
defines vectors i
declare vectors i
declares vectors i
set vectors i
sets vectors i
create global vectors j
creates global vectors j
define global vectors j
defines global vectors j
declare global vectors j
declares global vectors j
set global vectors j
sets global vectors j
create local vectors j
creates local vectors j
define local vectors j
defines local vectors j
declare local vectors j
declares local vectors j
set local vectors j
sets local vectors j
create vectors j
creates vectors j
define vectors j
defines vectors j
declare vectors j
declares vectors j
set vectors j
sets vectors j
create global vectors k
creates global vectors k
define global vectors k
defines global vectors k
declare global vectors k
declares global vectors k
set global vectors k
sets global vectors k
create local vectors k
creates local vectors k
define local vectors k
defines local vectors k
declare local vectors k
declares local vectors k
set local vectors k
sets local vectors k
create vectors k
creates vectors k
define vectors k
defines vectors k
declare vectors k
declares vectors k
set vectors k
sets vectors k
create global vectors a
creates global vectors a
define global vectors a
defines global vectors a
declare global vectors a
declares global vectors a
set global vectors a
sets global vectors a
create local vectors a
creates local vectors a
define local vectors a
defines local vectors a
declare local vectors a
declares local vectors a
set local vectors a
sets local vectors a
create vectors a
creates vectors a
define vectors a
defines vectors a
declare vectors a
declares vectors a
set vectors a
sets vectors a
create global vectors b
creates global vectors b
define global vectors b
defines global vectors b
declare global vectors b
declares global vectors b
set global vectors b
sets global vectors b
create local vectors b
creates local vectors b
define local vectors b
defines local vectors b
declare local vectors b
declares local vectors b
set local vectors b
sets local vectors b
create vectors b
creates vectors b
define vectors b
defines vectors b
declare vectors b
declares vectors b
set vectors b
sets vectors b
create global vectors c
creates global vectors c
define global vectors c
defines global vectors c
declare global vectors c
declares global vectors c
set global vectors c
sets global vectors c
create local vectors c
creates local vectors c
define local vectors c
defines local vectors c
declare local vectors c
declares local vectors c
set local vectors c
sets local vectors c
create vectors c
creates vectors c
define vectors c
defines vectors c
declare vectors c
declares vectors c
set vectors c
sets vectors c
create global boolean boolean0
creates global boolean boolean0
define global boolean boolean0
defines global boolean boolean0
declare global boolean boolean0
declares global boolean boolean0
set global boolean boolean0
sets global boolean boolean0
create local boolean boolean0
creates local boolean boolean0
define local boolean boolean0
defines local boolean boolean0
declare local boolean boolean0
declares local boolean boolean0
set local boolean boolean0
sets local boolean boolean0
create boolean boolean0
creates boolean boolean0
define boolean boolean0
defines boolean boolean0
declare boolean boolean0
declares boolean boolean0
set boolean boolean0
sets boolean boolean0
create global boolean boolean1
creates global boolean boolean1
define global boolean boolean1
defines global boolean boolean1
declare global boolean boolean1
declares global boolean boolean1
set global boolean boolean1
sets global boolean boolean1
create local boolean boolean1
creates local boolean boolean1
define local boolean boolean1
defines local boolean boolean1
declare local boolean boolean1
declares local boolean boolean1
set local boolean boolean1
sets local boolean boolean1
create boolean boolean1
creates boolean boolean1
define boolean boolean1
defines boolean boolean1
declare boolean boolean1
declares boolean boolean1
set boolean boolean1
sets boolean boolean1
create global boolean boolean2
creates global boolean boolean2
define global boolean boolean2
defines global boolean boolean2
declare global boolean boolean2
declares global boolean boolean2
set global boolean boolean2
sets global boolean boolean2
create local boolean boolean2
creates local boolean boolean2
define local boolean boolean2
defines local boolean boolean2
declare local boolean boolean2
declares local boolean boolean2
set local boolean boolean2
sets local boolean boolean2
create boolean boolean2
creates boolean boolean2
define boolean boolean2
defines boolean boolean2
declare boolean boolean2
declares boolean boolean2
set boolean boolean2
sets boolean boolean2
create global boolean i
creates global boolean i
define global boolean i
defines global boolean i
declare global boolean i
declares global boolean i
set global boolean i
sets global boolean i
create local boolean i
creates local boolean i
define local boolean i
defines local boolean i
declare local boolean i
declares local boolean i
set local boolean i
sets local boolean i
create boolean i
creates boolean i
define boolean i
defines boolean i
declare boolean i
declares boolean i
set boolean i
sets boolean i
create global boolean j
creates global boolean j
define global boolean j
defines global boolean j
declare global boolean j
declares global boolean j
set global boolean j
sets global boolean j
create local boolean j
creates local boolean j
define local boolean j
defines local boolean j
declare local boolean j
declares local boolean j
set local boolean j
sets local boolean j
create boolean j
creates boolean j
define boolean j
defines boolean j
declare boolean j
declares boolean j
set boolean j
sets boolean j
create global boolean k
creates global boolean k
define global boolean k
defines global boolean k
declare global boolean k
declares global boolean k
set global boolean k
sets global boolean k
create local boolean k
creates local boolean k
define local boolean k
defines local boolean k
declare local boolean k
declares local boolean k
set local boolean k
sets local boolean k
create boolean k
creates boolean k
define boolean k
defines boolean k
declare boolean k
declares boolean k
set boolean k
sets boolean k
create global boolean a
creates global boolean a
define global boolean a
defines global boolean a
declare global boolean a
declares global boolean a
set global boolean a
sets global boolean a
create local boolean a
creates local boolean a
define local boolean a
defines local boolean a
declare local boolean a
declares local boolean a
set local boolean a
sets local boolean a
create boolean a
creates boolean a
define boolean a
defines boolean a
declare boolean a
declares boolean a
set boolean a
sets boolean a
create global boolean b
creates global boolean b
define global boolean b
defines global boolean b
declare global boolean b
declares global boolean b
set global boolean b
sets global boolean b
create local boolean b
creates local boolean b
define local boolean b
defines local boolean b
declare local boolean b
declares local boolean b
set local boolean b
sets local boolean b
create boolean b
creates boolean b
define boolean b
defines boolean b
declare boolean b
declares boolean b
set boolean b
sets boolean b
create global boolean c
creates global boolean c
define global boolean c
defines global boolean c
declare global boolean c
declares global boolean c
set global boolean c
sets global boolean c
create local boolean c
creates local boolean c
define local boolean c
defines local boolean c
declare local boolean c
declares local boolean c
set local boolean c
sets local boolean c
create boolean c
creates boolean c
define boolean c
defines boolean c
declare boolean c
declares boolean c
set boolean c
sets boolean c
create global booleans booleans0
creates global booleans booleans0
define global booleans booleans0
defines global booleans booleans0
declare global booleans booleans0
declares global booleans booleans0
set global booleans booleans0
sets global booleans booleans0
create local booleans booleans0
creates local booleans booleans0
define local booleans booleans0
defines local booleans booleans0
declare local booleans booleans0
declares local booleans booleans0
set local booleans booleans0
sets local booleans booleans0
create booleans booleans0
creates booleans booleans0
define booleans booleans0
defines booleans booleans0
declare booleans booleans0
declares booleans booleans0
set booleans booleans0
sets booleans booleans0
create global booleans booleans1
creates global booleans booleans1
define global booleans booleans1
defines global booleans booleans1
declare global booleans booleans1
declares global booleans booleans1
set global booleans booleans1
sets global booleans booleans1
create local booleans booleans1
creates local booleans booleans1
define local booleans booleans1
defines local booleans booleans1
declare local booleans booleans1
declares local booleans booleans1
set local booleans booleans1
sets local booleans booleans1
create booleans booleans1
creates booleans booleans1
define booleans booleans1
defines booleans booleans1
declare booleans booleans1
declares booleans booleans1
set booleans booleans1
sets booleans booleans1
create global booleans booleans2
creates global booleans booleans2
define global booleans booleans2
defines global booleans booleans2
declare global booleans booleans2
declares global booleans booleans2
set global booleans booleans2
sets global booleans booleans2
create local booleans booleans2
creates local booleans booleans2
define local booleans booleans2
defines local booleans booleans2
declare local booleans booleans2
declares local booleans booleans2
set local booleans booleans2
sets local booleans booleans2
create booleans booleans2
creates booleans booleans2
define booleans booleans2
defines booleans booleans2
declare booleans booleans2
declares booleans booleans2
set booleans booleans2
sets booleans booleans2
create global booleans i
creates global booleans i
define global booleans i
defines global booleans i
declare global booleans i
declares global booleans i
set global booleans i
sets global booleans i
create local booleans i
creates local booleans i
define local booleans i
defines local booleans i
declare local booleans i
declares local booleans i
set local booleans i
sets local booleans i
create booleans i
creates booleans i
define booleans i
defines booleans i
declare booleans i
declares booleans i
set booleans i
sets booleans i
create global booleans j
creates global booleans j
define global booleans j
defines global booleans j
declare global booleans j
declares global booleans j
set global booleans j
sets global booleans j
create local booleans j
creates local booleans j
define local booleans j
defines local booleans j
declare local booleans j
declares local booleans j
set local booleans j
sets local booleans j
create booleans j
creates booleans j
define booleans j
defines booleans j
declare booleans j
declares booleans j
set booleans j
sets booleans j
create global booleans k
creates global booleans k
define global booleans k
defines global booleans k
declare global booleans k
declares global booleans k
set global booleans k
sets global booleans k
create local booleans k
creates local booleans k
define local booleans k
defines local booleans k
declare local booleans k
declares local booleans k
set local booleans k
sets local booleans k
create booleans k
creates booleans k
define booleans k
defines booleans k
declare booleans k
declares booleans k
set booleans k
sets booleans k
create global booleans a
creates global booleans a
define global booleans a
defines global booleans a
declare global booleans a
declares global booleans a
set global booleans a
sets global booleans a
create local booleans a
creates local booleans a
define local booleans a
defines local booleans a
declare local booleans a
declares local booleans a
set local booleans a
sets local booleans a
create booleans a
creates booleans a
define booleans a
defines booleans a
declare booleans a
declares booleans a
set booleans a
sets booleans a
create global booleans b
creates global booleans b
define global booleans b
defines global booleans b
declare global booleans b
declares global booleans b
set global booleans b
sets global booleans b
create local booleans b
creates local booleans b
define local booleans b
defines local booleans b
declare local booleans b
declares local booleans b
set local booleans b
sets local booleans b
create booleans b
creates booleans b
define booleans b
defines booleans b
declare booleans b
declares booleans b
set booleans b
sets booleans b
create global booleans c
creates global booleans c
define global booleans c
defines global booleans c
declare global booleans c
declares global booleans c
set global booleans c
sets global booleans c
create local booleans c
creates local booleans c
define local booleans c
defines local booleans c
declare local booleans c
declares local booleans c
set local booleans c
sets local booleans c
create booleans c
creates booleans c
define booleans c
defines booleans c
declare booleans c
declares booleans c
set booleans c
sets booleans c
create global bool bool0
creates global bool bool0
define global bool bool0
defines global bool bool0
declare global bool bool0
declares global bool bool0
set global bool bool0
sets global bool bool0
create local bool bool0
creates local bool bool0
define local bool bool0
defines local bool bool0
declare local bool bool0
declares local bool bool0
set local bool bool0
sets local bool bool0
create bool bool0
creates bool bool0
define bool bool0
defines bool bool0
declare bool bool0
declares bool bool0
set bool bool0
sets bool bool0
create global bool bool1
creates global bool bool1
define global bool bool1
defines global bool bool1
declare global bool bool1
declares global bool bool1
set global bool bool1
sets global bool bool1
create local bool bool1
creates local bool bool1
define local bool bool1
defines local bool bool1
declare local bool bool1
declares local bool bool1
set local bool bool1
sets local bool bool1
create bool bool1
creates bool bool1
define bool bool1
defines bool bool1
declare bool bool1
declares bool bool1
set bool bool1
sets bool bool1
create global bool bool2
creates global bool bool2
define global bool bool2
defines global bool bool2
declare global bool bool2
declares global bool bool2
set global bool bool2
sets global bool bool2
create local bool bool2
creates local bool bool2
define local bool bool2
defines local bool bool2
declare local bool bool2
declares local bool bool2
set local bool bool2
sets local bool bool2
create bool bool2
creates bool bool2
define bool bool2
defines bool bool2
declare bool bool2
declares bool bool2
set bool bool2
sets bool bool2
create global bool i
creates global bool i
define global bool i
defines global bool i
declare global bool i
declares global bool i
set global bool i
sets global bool i
create local bool i
creates local bool i
define local bool i
defines local bool i
declare local bool i
declares local bool i
set local bool i
sets local bool i
create bool i
creates bool i
define bool i
defines bool i
declare bool i
declares bool i
set bool i
sets bool i
create global bool j
creates global bool j
define global bool j
defines global bool j
declare global bool j
declares global bool j
set global bool j
sets global bool j
create local bool j
creates local bool j
define local bool j
defines local bool j
declare local bool j
declares local bool j
set local bool j
sets local bool j
create bool j
creates bool j
define bool j
defines bool j
declare bool j
declares bool j
set bool j
sets bool j
create global bool k
creates global bool k
define global bool k
defines global bool k
declare global bool k
declares global bool k
set global bool k
sets global bool k
create local bool k
creates local bool k
define local bool k
defines local bool k
declare local bool k
declares local bool k
set local bool k
sets local bool k
create bool k
creates bool k
define bool k
defines bool k
declare bool k
declares bool k
set bool k
sets bool k
create global bool a
creates global bool a
define global bool a
defines global bool a
declare global bool a
declares global bool a
set global bool a
sets global bool a
create local bool a
creates local bool a
define local bool a
defines local bool a
declare local bool a
declares local bool a
set local bool a
sets local bool a
create bool a
creates bool a
define bool a
defines bool a
declare bool a
declares bool a
set bool a
sets bool a
create global bool b
creates global bool b
define global bool b
defines global bool b
declare global bool b
declares global bool b
set global bool b
sets global bool b
create local bool b
creates local bool b
define local bool b
defines local bool b
declare local bool b
declares local bool b
set local bool b
sets local bool b
create bool b
creates bool b
define bool b
defines bool b
declare bool b
declares bool b
set bool b
sets bool b
create global bool c
creates global bool c
define global bool c
defines global bool c
declare global bool c
declares global bool c
set global bool c
sets global bool c
create local bool c
creates local bool c
define local bool c
defines local bool c
declare local bool c
declares local bool c
set local bool c
sets local bool c
create bool c
creates bool c
define bool c
defines bool c
declare bool c
declares bool c
set bool c
sets bool c
create global bools bools0
creates global bools bools0
define global bools bools0
defines global bools bools0
declare global bools bools0
declares global bools bools0
set global bools bools0
sets global bools bools0
create local bools bools0
creates local bools bools0
define local bools bools0
defines local bools bools0
declare local bools bools0
declares local bools bools0
set local bools bools0
sets local bools bools0
create bools bools0
creates bools bools0
define bools bools0
defines bools bools0
declare bools bools0
declares bools bools0
set bools bools0
sets bools bools0
create global bools bools1
creates global bools bools1
define global bools bools1
defines global bools bools1
declare global bools bools1
declares global bools bools1
set global bools bools1
sets global bools bools1
create local bools bools1
creates local bools bools1
define local bools bools1
defines local bools bools1
declare local bools bools1
declares local bools bools1
set local bools bools1
sets local bools bools1
create bools bools1
creates bools bools1
define bools bools1
defines bools bools1
declare bools bools1
declares bools bools1
set bools bools1
sets bools bools1
create global bools bools2
creates global bools bools2
define global bools bools2
defines global bools bools2
declare global bools bools2
declares global bools bools2
set global bools bools2
sets global bools bools2
create local bools bools2
creates local bools bools2
define local bools bools2
defines local bools bools2
declare local bools bools2
declares local bools bools2
set local bools bools2
sets local bools bools2
create bools bools2
creates bools bools2
define bools bools2
defines bools bools2
declare bools bools2
declares bools bools2
set bools bools2
sets bools bools2
create global bools i
creates global bools i
define global bools i
defines global bools i
declare global bools i
declares global bools i
set global bools i
sets global bools i
create local bools i
creates local bools i
define local bools i
defines local bools i
declare local bools i
declares local bools i
set local bools i
sets local bools i
create bools i
creates bools i
define bools i
defines bools i
declare bools i
declares bools i
set bools i
sets bools i
create global bools j
creates global bools j
define global bools j
defines global bools j
declare global bools j
declares global bools j
set global bools j
sets global bools j
create local bools j
creates local bools j
define local bools j
defines local bools j
declare local bools j
declares local bools j
set local bools j
sets local bools j
create bools j
creates bools j
define bools j
defines bools j
declare bools j
declares bools j
set bools j
sets bools j
create global bools k
creates global bools k
define global bools k
defines global bools k
declare global bools k
declares global bools k
set global bools k
sets global bools k
create local bools k
creates local bools k
define local bools k
defines local bools k
declare local bools k
declares local bools k
set local bools k
sets local bools k
create bools k
creates bools k
define bools k
defines bools k
declare bools k
declares bools k
set bools k
sets bools k
create global bools a
creates global bools a
define global bools a
defines global bools a
declare global bools a
declares global bools a
set global bools a
sets global bools a
create local bools a
creates local bools a
define local bools a
defines local bools a
declare local bools a
declares local bools a
set local bools a
sets local bools a
create bools a
creates bools a
define bools a
defines bools a
declare bools a
declares bools a
set bools a
sets bools a
create global bools b
creates global bools b
define global bools b
defines global bools b
declare global bools b
declares global bools b
set global bools b
sets global bools b
create local bools b
creates local bools b
define local bools b
defines local bools b
declare local bools b
declares local bools b
set local bools b
sets local bools b
create bools b
creates bools b
define bools b
defines bools b
declare bools b
declares bools b
set bools b
sets bools b
create global bools c
creates global bools c
define global bools c
defines global bools c
declare global bools c
declares global bools c
set global bools c
sets global bools c
create local bools c
creates local bools c
define local bools c
defines local bools c
declare local bools c
declares local bools c
set local bools c
sets local bools c
create bools c
creates bools c
define bools c
defines bools c
declare bools c
declares bools c
set bools c
sets bools c
create global class class0
creates global class class0
define global class class0
defines global class class0
declare global class class0
declares global class class0
set global class class0
sets global class class0
create local class class0
creates local class class0
define local class class0
defines local class class0
declare local class class0
declares local class class0
set local class class0
sets local class class0
create class class0
creates class class0
define class class0
defines class class0
declare class class0
declares class class0
set class class0
sets class class0
create global class class1
creates global class class1
define global class class1
defines global class class1
declare global class class1
declares global class class1
set global class class1
sets global class class1
create local class class1
creates local class class1
define local class class1
defines local class class1
declare local class class1
declares local class class1
set local class class1
sets local class class1
create class class1
creates class class1
define class class1
defines class class1
declare class class1
declares class class1
set class class1
sets class class1
create global class class2
creates global class class2
define global class class2
defines global class class2
declare global class class2
declares global class class2
set global class class2
sets global class class2
create local class class2
creates local class class2
define local class class2
defines local class class2
declare local class class2
declares local class class2
set local class class2
sets local class class2
create class class2
creates class class2
define class class2
defines class class2
declare class class2
declares class class2
set class class2
sets class class2
create global class i
creates global class i
define global class i
defines global class i
declare global class i
declares global class i
set global class i
sets global class i
create local class i
creates local class i
define local class i
defines local class i
declare local class i
declares local class i
set local class i
sets local class i
create class i
creates class i
define class i
defines class i
declare class i
declares class i
set class i
sets class i
create global class j
creates global class j
define global class j
defines global class j
declare global class j
declares global class j
set global class j
sets global class j
create local class j
creates local class j
define local class j
defines local class j
declare local class j
declares local class j
set local class j
sets local class j
create class j
creates class j
define class j
defines class j
declare class j
declares class j
set class j
sets class j
create global class k
creates global class k
define global class k
defines global class k
declare global class k
declares global class k
set global class k
sets global class k
create local class k
creates local class k
define local class k
defines local class k
declare local class k
declares local class k
set local class k
sets local class k
create class k
creates class k
define class k
defines class k
declare class k
declares class k
set class k
sets class k
create global class a
creates global class a
define global class a
defines global class a
declare global class a
declares global class a
set global class a
sets global class a
create local class a
creates local class a
define local class a
defines local class a
declare local class a
declares local class a
set local class a
sets local class a
create class a
creates class a
define class a
defines class a
declare class a
declares class a
set class a
sets class a
create global class b
creates global class b
define global class b
defines global class b
declare global class b
declares global class b
set global class b
sets global class b
create local class b
creates local class b
define local class b
defines local class b
declare local class b
declares local class b
set local class b
sets local class b
create class b
creates class b
define class b
defines class b
declare class b
declares class b
set class b
sets class b
create global class c
creates global class c
define global class c
defines global class c
declare global class c
declares global class c
set global class c
sets global class c
create local class c
creates local class c
define local class c
defines local class c
declare local class c
declares local class c
set local class c
sets local class c
create class c
creates class c
define class c
defines class c
declare class c
declares class c
set class c
sets class c
create global classes classes0
creates global classes classes0
define global classes classes0
defines global classes classes0
declare global classes classes0
declares global classes classes0
set global classes classes0
sets global classes classes0
create local classes classes0
creates local classes classes0
define local classes classes0
defines local classes classes0
declare local classes classes0
declares local classes classes0
set local classes classes0
sets local classes classes0
create classes classes0
creates classes classes0
define classes classes0
defines classes classes0
declare classes classes0
declares classes classes0
set classes classes0
sets classes classes0
create global classes classes1
creates global classes classes1
define global classes classes1
defines global classes classes1
declare global classes classes1
declares global classes classes1
set global classes classes1
sets global classes classes1
create local classes classes1
creates local classes classes1
define local classes classes1
defines local classes classes1
declare local classes classes1
declares local classes classes1
set local classes classes1
sets local classes classes1
create classes classes1
creates classes classes1
define classes classes1
defines classes classes1
declare classes classes1
declares classes classes1
set classes classes1
sets classes classes1
create global classes classes2
creates global classes classes2
define global classes classes2
defines global classes classes2
declare global classes classes2
declares global classes classes2
set global classes classes2
sets global classes classes2
create local classes classes2
creates local classes classes2
define local classes classes2
defines local classes classes2
declare local classes classes2
declares local classes classes2
set local classes classes2
sets local classes classes2
create classes classes2
creates classes classes2
define classes classes2
defines classes classes2
declare classes classes2
declares classes classes2
set classes classes2
sets classes classes2
create global classes i
creates global classes i
define global classes i
defines global classes i
declare global classes i
declares global classes i
set global classes i
sets global classes i
create local classes i
creates local classes i
define local classes i
defines local classes i
declare local classes i
declares local classes i
set local classes i
sets local classes i
create classes i
creates classes i
define classes i
defines classes i
declare classes i
declares classes i
set classes i
sets classes i
create global classes j
creates global classes j
define global classes j
defines global classes j
declare global classes j
declares global classes j
set global classes j
sets global classes j
create local classes j
creates local classes j
define local classes j
defines local classes j
declare local classes j
declares local classes j
set local classes j
sets local classes j
create classes j
creates classes j
define classes j
defines classes j
declare classes j
declares classes j
set classes j
sets classes j
create global classes k
creates global classes k
define global classes k
defines global classes k
declare global classes k
declares global classes k
set global classes k
sets global classes k
create local classes k
creates local classes k
define local classes k
defines local classes k
declare local classes k
declares local classes k
set local classes k
sets local classes k
create classes k
creates classes k
define classes k
defines classes k
declare classes k
declares classes k
set classes k
sets classes k
create global classes a
creates global classes a
define global classes a
defines global classes a
declare global classes a
declares global classes a
set global classes a
sets global classes a
create local classes a
creates local classes a
define local classes a
defines local classes a
declare local classes a
declares local classes a
set local classes a
sets local classes a
create classes a
creates classes a
define classes a
defines classes a
declare classes a
declares classes a
set classes a
sets classes a
create global classes b
creates global classes b
define global classes b
defines global classes b
declare global classes b
declares global classes b
set global classes b
sets global classes b
create local classes b
creates local classes b
define local classes b
defines local classes b
declare local classes b
declares local classes b
set local classes b
sets local classes b
create classes b
creates classes b
define classes b
defines classes b
declare classes b
declares classes b
set classes b
sets classes b
create global classes c
creates global classes c
define global classes c
defines global classes c
declare global classes c
declares global classes c
set global classes c
sets global classes c
create local classes c
creates local classes c
define local classes c
defines local classes c
declare local classes c
declares local classes c
set local classes c
sets local classes c
create classes c
creates classes c
define classes c
defines classes c
declare classes c
declares classes c
set classes c
sets classes c
create global void void0
creates global void void0
define global void void0
defines global void void0
declare global void void0
declares global void void0
set global void void0
sets global void void0
create local void void0
creates local void void0
define local void void0
defines local void void0
declare local void void0
declares local void void0
set local void void0
sets local void void0
create void void0
creates void void0
define void void0
defines void void0
declare void void0
declares void void0
set void void0
sets void void0
create global void void1
creates global void void1
define global void void1
defines global void void1
declare global void void1
declares global void void1
set global void void1
sets global void void1
create local void void1
creates local void void1
define local void void1
defines local void void1
declare local void void1
declares local void void1
set local void void1
sets local void void1
create void void1
creates void void1
define void void1
defines void void1
declare void void1
declares void void1
set void void1
sets void void1
create global void void2
creates global void void2
define global void void2
defines global void void2
declare global void void2
declares global void void2
set global void void2
sets global void void2
create local void void2
creates local void void2
define local void void2
defines local void void2
declare local void void2
declares local void void2
set local void void2
sets local void void2
create void void2
creates void void2
define void void2
defines void void2
declare void void2
declares void void2
set void void2
sets void void2
create global void i
creates global void i
define global void i
defines global void i
declare global void i
declares global void i
set global void i
sets global void i
create local void i
creates local void i
define local void i
defines local void i
declare local void i
declares local void i
set local void i
sets local void i
create void i
creates void i
define void i
defines void i
declare void i
declares void i
set void i
sets void i
create global void j
creates global void j
define global void j
defines global void j
declare global void j
declares global void j
set global void j
sets global void j
create local void j
creates local void j
define local void j
defines local void j
declare local void j
declares local void j
set local void j
sets local void j
create void j
creates void j
define void j
defines void j
declare void j
declares void j
set void j
sets void j
create global void k
creates global void k
define global void k
defines global void k
declare global void k
declares global void k
set global void k
sets global void k
create local void k
creates local void k
define local void k
defines local void k
declare local void k
declares local void k
set local void k
sets local void k
create void k
creates void k
define void k
defines void k
declare void k
declares void k
set void k
sets void k
create global void a
creates global void a
define global void a
defines global void a
declare global void a
declares global void a
set global void a
sets global void a
create local void a
creates local void a
define local void a
defines local void a
declare local void a
declares local void a
set local void a
sets local void a
create void a
creates void a
define void a
defines void a
declare void a
declares void a
set void a
sets void a
create global void b
creates global void b
define global void b
defines global void b
declare global void b
declares global void b
set global void b
sets global void b
create local void b
creates local void b
define local void b
defines local void b
declare local void b
declares local void b
set local void b
sets local void b
create void b
creates void b
define void b
defines void b
declare void b
declares void b
set void b
sets void b
create global void c
creates global void c
define global void c
defines global void c
declare global void c
declares global void c
set global void c
sets global void c
create local void c
creates local void c
define local void c
defines local void c
declare local void c
declares local void c
set local void c
sets local void c
create void c
creates void c
define void c
defines void c
declare void c
declares void c
set void c
sets void c
create global voids voids0
creates global voids voids0
define global voids voids0
defines global voids voids0
declare global voids voids0
declares global voids voids0
set global voids voids0
sets global voids voids0
create local voids voids0
creates local voids voids0
define local voids voids0
defines local voids voids0
declare local voids voids0
declares local voids voids0
set local voids voids0
sets local voids voids0
create voids voids0
creates voids voids0
define voids voids0
defines voids voids0
declare voids voids0
declares voids voids0
set voids voids0
sets voids voids0
create global voids voids1
creates global voids voids1
define global voids voids1
defines global voids voids1
declare global voids voids1
declares global voids voids1
set global voids voids1
sets global voids voids1
create local voids voids1
creates local voids voids1
define local voids voids1
defines local voids voids1
declare local voids voids1
declares local voids voids1
set local voids voids1
sets local voids voids1
create voids voids1
creates voids voids1
define voids voids1
defines voids voids1
declare voids voids1
declares voids voids1
set voids voids1
sets voids voids1
create global voids voids2
creates global voids voids2
define global voids voids2
defines global voids voids2
declare global voids voids2
declares global voids voids2
set global voids voids2
sets global voids voids2
create local voids voids2
creates local voids voids2
define local voids voids2
defines local voids voids2
declare local voids voids2
declares local voids voids2
set local voids voids2
sets local voids voids2
create voids voids2
creates voids voids2
define voids voids2
defines voids voids2
declare voids voids2
declares voids voids2
set voids voids2
sets voids voids2
create global voids i
creates global voids i
define global voids i
defines global voids i
declare global voids i
declares global voids i
set global voids i
sets global voids i
create local voids i
creates local voids i
define local voids i
defines local voids i
declare local voids i
declares local voids i
set local voids i
sets local voids i
create voids i
creates voids i
define voids i
defines voids i
declare voids i
declares voids i
set voids i
sets voids i
create global voids j
creates global voids j
define global voids j
defines global voids j
declare global voids j
declares global voids j
set global voids j
sets global voids j
create local voids j
creates local voids j
define local voids j
defines local voids j
declare local voids j
declares local voids j
set local voids j
sets local voids j
create voids j
creates voids j
define voids j
defines voids j
declare voids j
declares voids j
set voids j
sets voids j
create global voids k
creates global voids k
define global voids k
defines global voids k
declare global voids k
declares global voids k
set global voids k
sets global voids k
create local voids k
creates local voids k
define local voids k
defines local voids k
declare local voids k
declares local voids k
set local voids k
sets local voids k
create voids k
creates voids k
define voids k
defines voids k
declare voids k
declares voids k
set voids k
sets voids k
create global voids a
creates global voids a
define global voids a
defines global voids a
declare global voids a
declares global voids a
set global voids a
sets global voids a
create local voids a
creates local voids a
define local voids a
defines local voids a
declare local voids a
declares local voids a
set local voids a
sets local voids a
create voids a
creates voids a
define voids a
defines voids a
declare voids a
declares voids a
set voids a
sets voids a
create global voids b
creates global voids b
define global voids b
defines global voids b
declare global voids b
declares global voids b
set global voids b
sets global voids b
create local voids b
creates local voids b
define local voids b
defines local voids b
declare local voids b
declares local voids b
set local voids b
sets local voids b
create voids b
creates voids b
define voids b
defines voids b
declare voids b
declares voids b
set voids b
sets voids b
create global voids c
creates global voids c
define global voids c
defines global voids c
declare global voids c
declares global voids c
set global voids c
sets global voids c
create local voids c
creates local voids c
define local voids c
defines local voids c
declare local voids c
declares local voids c
set local voids c
sets local voids c
create voids c
creates voids c
define voids c
defines voids c
declare voids c
declares voids c
set voids c
sets voids c
create global integer equal to 11
creates global integer equal to 16
define global integer equal to 47
defines global integer equal to 3
declare global integer equal to 12
declares global integer equal to 75
set global integer equal to 54
sets global integer equal to 75
create local integer equal to 44
creates local integer equal to 62
define local integer equal to 30
defines local integer equal to 48
declare local integer equal to 95
declares local integer equal to 47
set local integer equal to 58
sets local integer equal to 97
create integer equal to 47
creates integer equal to 72
define integer equal to 67
defines integer equal to 37
declare integer equal to 64
declares integer equal to 52
set integer equal to 28
sets integer equal to 31
create global integers equal to 93
creates global integers equal to 31
define global integers equal to 75
defines global integers equal to 58
declare global integers equal to 11
declares global integers equal to 33
set global integers equal to 69
sets global integers equal to 86
create local integers equal to 33
creates local integers equal to 61
define local integers equal to 56
defines local integers equal to 9
declare local integers equal to 2
declares local integers equal to 99
set local integers equal to 87
sets local integers equal to 54
create integers equal to 81
creates integers equal to 34
define integers equal to 47
defines integers equal to 29
declare integers equal to 43
declares integers equal to 14
set integers equal to 33
sets integers equal to 1
create global int equal to 73
creates global int equal to 12
define global int equal to 24
defines global int equal to 91
declare global int equal to 15
declares global int equal to 4
set global int equal to 5
sets global int equal to 4
create local int equal to 23
creates local int equal to 4
define local int equal to 63
defines local int equal to 64
declare local int equal to 56
declares local int equal to 66
set local int equal to 22
sets local int equal to 28
create int equal to 28
creates int equal to 57
define int equal to 5
defines int equal to 15
declare int equal to 74
declares int equal to 1
set int equal to 70
sets int equal to 47
create global ints equal to 76
creates global ints equal to 37
define global ints equal to 8
defines global ints equal to 47
declare global ints equal to 67
declares global ints equal to 81
set global ints equal to 10
sets global ints equal to 12
create local ints equal to 79
creates local ints equal to 54
define local ints equal to 59
defines local ints equal to 93
declare local ints equal to 88
declares local ints equal to 57
set local ints equal to 6
sets local ints equal to 34
create ints equal to 34
creates ints equal to 1
define ints equal to 15
defines ints equal to 6
declare ints equal to 85
declares ints equal to 70
set ints equal to 81
sets ints equal to 88
create global float equal to 45
creates global float equal to 13
define global float equal to 78
defines global float equal to 33
declare global float equal to 80
declares global float equal to 96
set global float equal to 26
sets global float equal to 40
create local float equal to 38
creates local float equal to 28
define local float equal to 69
defines local float equal to 14
declare local float equal to 3
declares local float equal to 27
set local float equal to 77
sets local float equal to 75
create float equal to 94
creates float equal to 58
define float equal to 60
defines float equal to 51
declare float equal to 43
declares float equal to 75
set float equal to 42
sets float equal to 62
create global floats equal to 80
creates global floats equal to 58
define global floats equal to 17
defines global floats equal to 7
declare global floats equal to 64
declares global floats equal to 47
set global floats equal to 57
sets global floats equal to 44
create local floats equal to 35
creates local floats equal to 79
define local floats equal to 14
defines local floats equal to 51
declare local floats equal to 62
declares local floats equal to 40
set local floats equal to 79
sets local floats equal to 62
create floats equal to 70
creates floats equal to 46
define floats equal to 99
defines floats equal to 25
declare floats equal to 10
declares floats equal to 13
set floats equal to 99
sets floats equal to 80
create global number equal to 14
creates global number equal to 50
define global number equal to 19
defines global number equal to 25
declare global number equal to 88
declares global number equal to 88
set global number equal to 17
sets global number equal to 24
create local number equal to 11
creates local number equal to 37
define local number equal to 82
defines local number equal to 31
declare local number equal to 61
declares local number equal to 57
set local number equal to 57
sets local number equal to 67
create number equal to 35
creates number equal to 23
define number equal to 90
defines number equal to 64
declare number equal to 37
declares number equal to 38
set number equal to 4
sets number equal to 88
create global numbers equal to 68
creates global numbers equal to 41
define global numbers equal to 78
defines global numbers equal to 9
declare global numbers equal to 45
declares global numbers equal to 55
set global numbers equal to 47
sets global numbers equal to 68
create local numbers equal to 28
creates local numbers equal to 25
define local numbers equal to 94
defines local numbers equal to 21
declare local numbers equal to 79
declares local numbers equal to 50
set local numbers equal to 24
sets local numbers equal to 58
create numbers equal to 3
creates numbers equal to 49
define numbers equal to 48
defines numbers equal to 28
declare numbers equal to 6
declares numbers equal to 45
set numbers equal to 27
sets numbers equal to 28
create global num equal to 93
creates global num equal to 64
define global num equal to 23
defines global num equal to 64
declare global num equal to 39
declares global num equal to 53
set global num equal to 60
sets global num equal to 38
create local num equal to 97
creates local num equal to 31
define local num equal to 64
defines local num equal to 10
declare local num equal to 70
declares local num equal to 22
set local num equal to 4
sets local num equal to 11
create num equal to 78
creates num equal to 73
define num equal to 48
defines num equal to 19
declare num equal to 63
declares num equal to 91
set num equal to 82
sets num equal to 34
create global nums equal to 93
creates global nums equal to 51
define global nums equal to 14
defines global nums equal to 41
declare global nums equal to 79
declares global nums equal to 52
set global nums equal to 7
sets global nums equal to 0
create local nums equal to 4
creates local nums equal to 95
define local nums equal to 64
defines local nums equal to 63
declare local nums equal to 99
declares local nums equal to 26
set local nums equal to 76
sets local nums equal to 5
create nums equal to 40
creates nums equal to 10
define nums equal to 29
defines nums equal to 98
declare nums equal to 87
declares nums equal to 88
set nums equal to 86
sets nums equal to 28
create global variable equal to 65
creates global variable equal to 13
define global variable equal to 45
defines global variable equal to 44
declare global variable equal to 41
declares global variable equal to 54
set global variable equal to 22
sets global variable equal to 81
create local variable equal to 33
creates local variable equal to 96
define local variable equal to 2
defines local variable equal to 36
declare local variable equal to 26
declares local variable equal to 34
set local variable equal to 44
sets local variable equal to 19
create variable equal to 39
creates variable equal to 91
define variable equal to 25
defines variable equal to 16
declare variable equal to 73
declares variable equal to 39
set variable equal to 70
sets variable equal to 78
create global variables equal to 14
creates global variables equal to 62
define global variables equal to 67
defines global variables equal to 42
declare global variables equal to 82
declares global variables equal to 90
set global variables equal to 23
sets global variables equal to 30
create local variables equal to 11
creates local variables equal to 91
define local variables equal to 70
defines local variables equal to 10
declare local variables equal to 34
declares local variables equal to 34
set local variables equal to 79
sets local variables equal to 96
create variables equal to 68
creates variables equal to 72
define variables equal to 82
defines variables equal to 23
declare variables equal to 93
declares variables equal to 73
set variables equal to 65
sets variables equal to 42
create global var equal to 62
creates global var equal to 88
define global var equal to 39
defines global var equal to 13
declare global var equal to 1
declares global var equal to 91
set global var equal to 15
sets global var equal to 47
create local var equal to 97
creates local var equal to 25
define local var equal to 82
defines local var equal to 96
declare local var equal to 60
declares local var equal to 43
set local var equal to 50
sets local var equal to 2
create var equal to 1
creates var equal to 95
define var equal to 5
defines var equal to 15
declare var equal to 69
declares var equal to 98
set var equal to 13
sets var equal to 26
create global vars equal to 92
creates global vars equal to 99
define global vars equal to 54
defines global vars equal to 12
declare global vars equal to 96
declares global vars equal to 63
set global vars equal to 5
sets global vars equal to 26
create local vars equal to 26
creates local vars equal to 62
define local vars equal to 69
defines local vars equal to 5
declare local vars equal to 72
declares local vars equal to 20
set local vars equal to 77
sets local vars equal to 71
create vars equal to 74
creates vars equal to 13
define vars equal to 32
defines vars equal to 72
declare vars equal to 4
declares vars equal to 62
set vars equal to 32
sets vars equal to 65
create global double equal to 15
creates global double equal to 91
define global double equal to 2
defines global double equal to 83
declare global double equal to 94
declares global double equal to 15
set global double equal to 98
sets global double equal to 27
create local double equal to 8
creates local double equal to 81
define local double equal to 88
defines local double equal to 54
declare local double equal to 94
declares local double equal to 95
set local double equal to 21
sets local double equal to 2
create double equal to 26
creates double equal to 42
define double equal to 32
defines double equal to 36
declare double equal to 41
declares double equal to 33
set double equal to 58
sets double equal to 85
create global doubles equal to 94
creates global doubles equal to 20
define global doubles equal to 65
defines global doubles equal to 67
declare global doubles equal to 97
declares global doubles equal to 50
set global doubles equal to 27
sets global doubles equal to 65
create local doubles equal to 23
creates local doubles equal to 88
define local doubles equal to 82
defines local doubles equal to 79
declare local doubles equal to 68
declares local doubles equal to 73
set local doubles equal to 80
sets local doubles equal to 50
create doubles equal to 73
creates doubles equal to 58
define doubles equal to 12
defines doubles equal to 35
declare doubles equal to 75
declares doubles equal to 100
set doubles equal to 54
sets doubles equal to 77
create global character equal to 7
creates global character equal to 58
define global character equal to 72
defines global character equal to 62
declare global character equal to 28
declares global character equal to 88
set global character equal to 96
sets global character equal to 44
create local character equal to 13
creates local character equal to 32
define local character equal to 10
defines local character equal to 37
declare local character equal to 73
declares local character equal to 99
set local character equal to 95
sets local character equal to 81
create character equal to 53
creates character equal to 33
define character equal to 14
defines character equal to 76
declare character equal to 5
declares character equal to 2
set character equal to 14
sets character equal to 41
create global characters equal to 3
creates global characters equal to 16
define global characters equal to 84
defines global characters equal to 7
declare global characters equal to 27
declares global characters equal to 9
set global characters equal to 59
sets global characters equal to 86
create local characters equal to 42
creates local characters equal to 36
define local characters equal to 57
defines local characters equal to 81
declare local characters equal to 68
declares local characters equal to 94
set local characters equal to 100
sets local characters equal to 87
create characters equal to 43
creates characters equal to 72
define characters equal to 85
defines characters equal to 98
declare characters equal to 46
declares characters equal to 16
set characters equal to 5
sets characters equal to 74
create global char equal to 55
creates global char equal to 96
define global char equal to 46
defines global char equal to 95
declare global char equal to 37
declares global char equal to 10
set global char equal to 18
sets global char equal to 51
create local char equal to 25
creates local char equal to 7
define local char equal to 87
defines local char equal to 27
declare local char equal to 88
declares local char equal to 9
set local char equal to 62
sets local char equal to 13
create char equal to 42
creates char equal to 11
define char equal to 57
defines char equal to 14
declare char equal to 66
declares char equal to 54
set char equal to 3
sets char equal to 63
create global chars equal to 77
creates global chars equal to 29
define global chars equal to 78
defines global chars equal to 54
declare global chars equal to 19
declares global chars equal to 28
set global chars equal to 67
sets global chars equal to 89
create local chars equal to 76
creates local chars equal to 94
define local chars equal to 0
defines local chars equal to 36
declare local chars equal to 81
declares local chars equal to 8
set local chars equal to 74
sets local chars equal to 38
create chars equal to 39
creates chars equal to 14
define chars equal to 42
defines chars equal to 98
declare chars equal to 52
declares chars equal to 23
set chars equal to 91
sets chars equal to 65
create global string equal to 69
creates global string equal to 40
define global string equal to 66
defines global string equal to 36
declare global string equal to 32
declares global string equal to 83
set global string equal to 34
sets global string equal to 49
create local string equal to 65
creates local string equal to 35
define local string equal to 42
defines local string equal to 86
declare local string equal to 48
declares local string equal to 46
set local string equal to 8
sets local string equal to 98
create string equal to 11
creates string equal to 100
define string equal to 98
defines string equal to 59
declare string equal to 58
declares string equal to 30
set string equal to 74
sets string equal to 35
create global strings equal to 44
creates global strings equal to 48
define global strings equal to 16
defines global strings equal to 23
declare global strings equal to 55
declares global strings equal to 70
set global strings equal to 88
sets global strings equal to 30
create local strings equal to 69
creates local strings equal to 47
define local strings equal to 71
defines local strings equal to 65
declare local strings equal to 20
declares local strings equal to 81
set local strings equal to 1
sets local strings equal to 92
create strings equal to 77
creates strings equal to 18
define strings equal to 92
defines strings equal to 47
declare strings equal to 98
declares strings equal to 63
set strings equal to 58
sets strings equal to 29
create global str equal to 37
creates global str equal to 86
define global str equal to 68
defines global str equal to 32
declare global str equal to 9
declares global str equal to 37
set global str equal to 6
sets global str equal to 14
create local str equal to 90
creates local str equal to 84
define local str equal to 71
defines local str equal to 56
declare local str equal to 23
declares local str equal to 61
set local str equal to 22
sets local str equal to 98
create str equal to 51
creates str equal to 77
define str equal to 25
defines str equal to 15
declare str equal to 43
declares str equal to 71
set str equal to 25
sets str equal to 47
create global strs equal to 100
creates global strs equal to 36
define global strs equal to 21
defines global strs equal to 93
declare global strs equal to 63
declares global strs equal to 32
set global strs equal to 16
sets global strs equal to 31
create local strs equal to 25
creates local strs equal to 44
define local strs equal to 79
defines local strs equal to 78
declare local strs equal to 46
declares local strs equal to 81
set local strs equal to 71
sets local strs equal to 80
create strs equal to 97
creates strs equal to 86
define strs equal to 46
defines strs equal to 39
declare strs equal to 32
declares strs equal to 55
set strs equal to 49
sets strs equal to 4
create global text equal to 33
creates global text equal to 96
define global text equal to 98
defines global text equal to 91
declare global text equal to 89
declares global text equal to 54
set global text equal to 70
sets global text equal to 99
create local text equal to 42
creates local text equal to 21
define local text equal to 0
defines local text equal to 57
declare local text equal to 31
declares local text equal to 23
set local text equal to 74
sets local text equal to 66
create text equal to 96
creates text equal to 64
define text equal to 45
defines text equal to 90
declare text equal to 84
declares text equal to 94
set text equal to 42
sets text equal to 81
create global texts equal to 94
creates global texts equal to 61
define global texts equal to 67
defines global texts equal to 47
declare global texts equal to 96
declares global texts equal to 40
set global texts equal to 50
sets global texts equal to 74
create local texts equal to 89
creates local texts equal to 43
define local texts equal to 29
defines local texts equal to 46
declare local texts equal to 92
declares local texts equal to 32
set local texts equal to 6
sets local texts equal to 63
create texts equal to 86
creates texts equal to 66
define texts equal to 18
defines texts equal to 89
declare texts equal to 87
declares texts equal to 51
set texts equal to 65
sets texts equal to 22
create global txt equal to 91
creates global txt equal to 30
define global txt equal to 59
defines global txt equal to 95
declare global txt equal to 88
declares global txt equal to 88
set global txt equal to 69
sets global txt equal to 47
create local txt equal to 43
creates local txt equal to 49
define local txt equal to 42
defines local txt equal to 60
declare local txt equal to 45
declares local txt equal to 55
set local txt equal to 12
sets local txt equal to 89
create txt equal to 56
creates txt equal to 34
define txt equal to 61
defines txt equal to 46
declare txt equal to 49
declares txt equal to 68
set txt equal to 20
sets txt equal to 93
create global txts equal to 94
creates global txts equal to 56
define global txts equal to 35
defines global txts equal to 87
declare global txts equal to 48
declares global txts equal to 50
set global txts equal to 30
sets global txts equal to 47
create local txts equal to 66
creates local txts equal to 72
define local txts equal to 62
defines local txts equal to 8
declare local txts equal to 95
declares local txts equal to 33
set local txts equal to 60
sets local txts equal to 43
create txts equal to 8
creates txts equal to 47
define txts equal to 100
defines txts equal to 94
declare txts equal to 51
declares txts equal to 82
set txts equal to 93
sets txts equal to 96
create global array equal to 22
creates global array equal to 63
define global array equal to 76
defines global array equal to 18
declare global array equal to 22
declares global array equal to 1
set global array equal to 93
sets global array equal to 67
create local array equal to 37
creates local array equal to 88
define local array equal to 10
defines local array equal to 26
declare local array equal to 20
declares local array equal to 36
set local array equal to 63
sets local array equal to 55
create array equal to 60
creates array equal to 95
define array equal to 53
defines array equal to 28
declare array equal to 1
declares array equal to 7
set array equal to 15
sets array equal to 65
create global arrays equal to 29
creates global arrays equal to 25
define global arrays equal to 7
defines global arrays equal to 61
declare global arrays equal to 72
declares global arrays equal to 82
set global arrays equal to 97
sets global arrays equal to 85
create local arrays equal to 34
creates local arrays equal to 52
define local arrays equal to 31
defines local arrays equal to 29
declare local arrays equal to 100
declares local arrays equal to 94
set local arrays equal to 80
sets local arrays equal to 76
create arrays equal to 48
creates arrays equal to 5
define arrays equal to 57
defines arrays equal to 17
declare arrays equal to 20
declares arrays equal to 18
set arrays equal to 48
sets arrays equal to 96
create global list equal to 54
creates global list equal to 25
define global list equal to 77
defines global list equal to 59
declare global list equal to 10
declares global list equal to 45
set global list equal to 9
sets global list equal to 83
create local list equal to 68
creates local list equal to 69
define local list equal to 81
defines local list equal to 21
declare local list equal to 76
declares local list equal to 72
set local list equal to 89
sets local list equal to 31
create list equal to 86
creates list equal to 88
define list equal to 44
defines list equal to 57
declare list equal to 39
declares list equal to 63
set list equal to 66
sets list equal to 5
create global lists equal to 71
creates global lists equal to 20
define global lists equal to 2
defines global lists equal to 79
declare global lists equal to 56
declares global lists equal to 89
set global lists equal to 70
sets global lists equal to 57
create local lists equal to 33
creates local lists equal to 71
define local lists equal to 29
defines local lists equal to 66
declare local lists equal to 38
declares local lists equal to 96
set local lists equal to 89
sets local lists equal to 46
create lists equal to 78
creates lists equal to 7
define lists equal to 52
defines lists equal to 98
declare lists equal to 7
declares lists equal to 24
set lists equal to 49
sets lists equal to 78
create global vector equal to 68
creates global vector equal to 25
define global vector equal to 98
defines global vector equal to 4
declare global vector equal to 45
declares global vector equal to 60
set global vector equal to 37
sets global vector equal to 32
create local vector equal to 51
creates local vector equal to 89
define local vector equal to 94
defines local vector equal to 13
declare local vector equal to 50
declares local vector equal to 9
set local vector equal to 64
sets local vector equal to 29
create vector equal to 20
creates vector equal to 67
define vector equal to 15
defines vector equal to 97
declare vector equal to 21
declares vector equal to 81
set vector equal to 21
sets vector equal to 96
create global vectors equal to 53
creates global vectors equal to 61
define global vectors equal to 9
defines global vectors equal to 31
declare global vectors equal to 40
declares global vectors equal to 59
set global vectors equal to 0
sets global vectors equal to 27
create local vectors equal to 41
creates local vectors equal to 72
define local vectors equal to 60
defines local vectors equal to 64
declare local vectors equal to 15
declares local vectors equal to 10
set local vectors equal to 7
sets local vectors equal to 76
create vectors equal to 93
creates vectors equal to 54
define vectors equal to 42
defines vectors equal to 2
declare vectors equal to 49
declares vectors equal to 3
set vectors equal to 55
sets vectors equal to 20
create global boolean equal to 54
creates global boolean equal to 68
define global boolean equal to 78
defines global boolean equal to 44
declare global boolean equal to 19
declares global boolean equal to 69
set global boolean equal to 75
sets global boolean equal to 65
create local boolean equal to 84
creates local boolean equal to 84
define local boolean equal to 96
defines local boolean equal to 96
declare local boolean equal to 10
declares local boolean equal to 19
set local boolean equal to 46
sets local boolean equal to 43
create boolean equal to 91
creates boolean equal to 6
define boolean equal to 0
defines boolean equal to 10
declare boolean equal to 73
declares boolean equal to 54
set boolean equal to 16
sets boolean equal to 36
create global booleans equal to 30
creates global booleans equal to 34
define global booleans equal to 98
defines global booleans equal to 26
declare global booleans equal to 23
declares global booleans equal to 62
set global booleans equal to 62
sets global booleans equal to 83
create local booleans equal to 57
creates local booleans equal to 14
define local booleans equal to 93
defines local booleans equal to 28
declare local booleans equal to 45
declares local booleans equal to 81
set local booleans equal to 59
sets local booleans equal to 100
create booleans equal to 88
creates booleans equal to 69
define booleans equal to 41
defines booleans equal to 36
declare booleans equal to 50
declares booleans equal to 29
set booleans equal to 95
sets booleans equal to 21
create global bool equal to 62
creates global bool equal to 92
define global bool equal to 29
defines global bool equal to 97
declare global bool equal to 62
declares global bool equal to 6
set global bool equal to 43
sets global bool equal to 25
create local bool equal to 95
creates local bool equal to 71
define local bool equal to 71
defines local bool equal to 39
declare local bool equal to 9
declares local bool equal to 9
set local bool equal to 93
sets local bool equal to 16
create bool equal to 95
creates bool equal to 22
define bool equal to 45
defines bool equal to 97
declare bool equal to 74
declares bool equal to 41
set bool equal to 74
sets bool equal to 38
create global bools equal to 83
creates global bools equal to 17
define global bools equal to 82
defines global bools equal to 72
declare global bools equal to 80
declares global bools equal to 29
set global bools equal to 44
sets global bools equal to 66
create local bools equal to 31
creates local bools equal to 51
define local bools equal to 53
defines local bools equal to 3
declare local bools equal to 93
declares local bools equal to 77
set local bools equal to 28
sets local bools equal to 62
create bools equal to 71
creates bools equal to 4
define bools equal to 54
defines bools equal to 54
declare bools equal to 91
declares bools equal to 83
set bools equal to 0
sets bools equal to 48
create global class equal to 93
creates global class equal to 19
define global class equal to 24
defines global class equal to 34
declare global class equal to 94
declares global class equal to 19
set global class equal to 10
sets global class equal to 22
create local class equal to 79
creates local class equal to 95
define local class equal to 79
defines local class equal to 46
declare local class equal to 20
declares local class equal to 82
set local class equal to 41
sets local class equal to 70
create class equal to 31
creates class equal to 21
define class equal to 26
defines class equal to 54
declare class equal to 94
declares class equal to 73
set class equal to 92
sets class equal to 36
create global classes equal to 54
creates global classes equal to 2
define global classes equal to 98
defines global classes equal to 59
declare global classes equal to 48
declares global classes equal to 19
set global classes equal to 11
sets global classes equal to 12
create local classes equal to 78
creates local classes equal to 73
define local classes equal to 93
defines local classes equal to 60
declare local classes equal to 84
declares local classes equal to 75
set local classes equal to 61
sets local classes equal to 53
create classes equal to 96
creates classes equal to 100
define classes equal to 69
defines classes equal to 100
declare classes equal to 21
declares classes equal to 6
set classes equal to 40
sets classes equal to 35
create global void equal to 42
creates global void equal to 52
define global void equal to 38
defines global void equal to 69
declare global void equal to 6
declares global void equal to 61
set global void equal to 12
sets global void equal to 13
create local void equal to 7
creates local void equal to 83
define local void equal to 87
defines local void equal to 82
declare local void equal to 73
declares local void equal to 70
set local void equal to 17
sets local void equal to 61
create void equal to 25
creates void equal to 50
define void equal to 33
defines void equal to 24
declare void equal to 48
declares void equal to 45
set void equal to 33
sets void equal to 86
create global voids equal to 12
creates global voids equal to 40
define global voids equal to 72
defines global voids equal to 0
declare global voids equal to 47
declares global voids equal to 77
set global voids equal to 6
sets global voids equal to 91
create local voids equal to 30
creates local voids equal to 30
define local voids equal to 1
defines local voids equal to 99
declare local voids equal to 96
declares local voids equal to 99
set local voids equal to 24
sets local voids equal to 15
create voids equal to 37
creates voids equal to 4
define voids equal to 70
defines voids equal to 39
declare voids equal to 56
declares voids equal to 52
set voids equal to 56
sets voids equal to 43
create global integer integer0 equal to 14
creates global integer integer0 equal to 84
define global integer integer0 equal to 44
defines global integer integer0 equal to 88
declare global integer integer0 equal to 71
declares global integer integer0 equal to 8
set global integer integer0 equal to 45
sets global integer integer0 equal to 8
create local integer integer0 equal to 68
creates local integer integer0 equal to 7
define local integer integer0 equal to 74
defines local integer integer0 equal to 58
declare local integer integer0 equal to 51
declares local integer integer0 equal to 100
set local integer integer0 equal to 1
sets local integer integer0 equal to 71
create integer integer0 equal to 61
creates integer integer0 equal to 63
define integer integer0 equal to 56
defines integer integer0 equal to 20
declare integer integer0 equal to 79
declares integer integer0 equal to 36
set integer integer0 equal to 37
sets integer integer0 equal to 58
create global integer integer1 equal to 56
creates global integer integer1 equal to 53
define global integer integer1 equal to 76
defines global integer integer1 equal to 47
declare global integer integer1 equal to 85
declares global integer integer1 equal to 10
set global integer integer1 equal to 79
sets global integer integer1 equal to 47
create local integer integer1 equal to 71
creates local integer integer1 equal to 62
define local integer integer1 equal to 95
defines local integer integer1 equal to 67
declare local integer integer1 equal to 25
declares local integer integer1 equal to 1
set local integer integer1 equal to 74
sets local integer integer1 equal to 94
create integer integer1 equal to 30
creates integer integer1 equal to 18
define integer integer1 equal to 91
defines integer integer1 equal to 72
declare integer integer1 equal to 66
declares integer integer1 equal to 31
set integer integer1 equal to 95
sets integer integer1 equal to 87
create global integer integer2 equal to 72
creates global integer integer2 equal to 31
define global integer integer2 equal to 43
defines global integer integer2 equal to 52
declare global integer integer2 equal to 30
declares global integer integer2 equal to 71
set global integer integer2 equal to 22
sets global integer integer2 equal to 93
create local integer integer2 equal to 23
creates local integer integer2 equal to 66
define local integer integer2 equal to 4
defines local integer integer2 equal to 78
declare local integer integer2 equal to 47
declares local integer integer2 equal to 15
set local integer integer2 equal to 80
sets local integer integer2 equal to 15
create integer integer2 equal to 48
creates integer integer2 equal to 9
define integer integer2 equal to 88
defines integer integer2 equal to 14
declare integer integer2 equal to 45
declares integer integer2 equal to 54
set integer integer2 equal to 30
sets integer integer2 equal to 5
create global integer i equal to 32
creates global integer i equal to 38
define global integer i equal to 76
defines global integer i equal to 90
declare global integer i equal to 75
declares global integer i equal to 100
set global integer i equal to 72
sets global integer i equal to 82
create local integer i equal to 97
creates local integer i equal to 95
define local integer i equal to 9
defines local integer i equal to 18
declare local integer i equal to 7
declares local integer i equal to 9
set local integer i equal to 32
sets local integer i equal to 22
create integer i equal to 33
creates integer i equal to 15
define integer i equal to 71
defines integer i equal to 3
declare integer i equal to 3
declares integer i equal to 45
set integer i equal to 88
sets integer i equal to 7
create global integer j equal to 16
creates global integer j equal to 7
define global integer j equal to 9
defines global integer j equal to 35
declare global integer j equal to 11
declares global integer j equal to 47
set global integer j equal to 82
sets global integer j equal to 21
create local integer j equal to 70
creates local integer j equal to 16
define local integer j equal to 83
defines local integer j equal to 81
declare local integer j equal to 75
declares local integer j equal to 76
set local integer j equal to 91
sets local integer j equal to 3
create integer j equal to 36
creates integer j equal to 45
define integer j equal to 3
defines integer j equal to 72
declare integer j equal to 5
declares integer j equal to 16
set integer j equal to 90
sets integer j equal to 89
create global integer k equal to 93
creates global integer k equal to 83
define global integer k equal to 86
defines global integer k equal to 84
declare global integer k equal to 7
declares global integer k equal to 35
set global integer k equal to 58
sets global integer k equal to 82
create local integer k equal to 73
creates local integer k equal to 21
define local integer k equal to 50
defines local integer k equal to 38
declare local integer k equal to 65
declares local integer k equal to 4
set local integer k equal to 21
sets local integer k equal to 15
create integer k equal to 37
creates integer k equal to 14
define integer k equal to 37
defines integer k equal to 35
declare integer k equal to 87
declares integer k equal to 27
set integer k equal to 67
sets integer k equal to 35
create global integer a equal to 22
creates global integer a equal to 37
define global integer a equal to 65
defines global integer a equal to 23
declare global integer a equal to 21
declares global integer a equal to 93
set global integer a equal to 63
sets global integer a equal to 35
create local integer a equal to 1
creates local integer a equal to 76
define local integer a equal to 25
defines local integer a equal to 61
declare local integer a equal to 91
declares local integer a equal to 10
set local integer a equal to 67
sets local integer a equal to 8
create integer a equal to 21
creates integer a equal to 21
define integer a equal to 43
defines integer a equal to 98
declare integer a equal to 41
declares integer a equal to 71
set integer a equal to 10
sets integer a equal to 38
create global integer b equal to 34
creates global integer b equal to 41
define global integer b equal to 35
defines global integer b equal to 5
declare global integer b equal to 33
declares global integer b equal to 80
set global integer b equal to 67
sets global integer b equal to 98
create local integer b equal to 65
creates local integer b equal to 88
define local integer b equal to 91
defines local integer b equal to 71
declare local integer b equal to 67
declares local integer b equal to 87
set local integer b equal to 46
sets local integer b equal to 33
create integer b equal to 73
creates integer b equal to 30
define integer b equal to 13
defines integer b equal to 51
declare integer b equal to 72
declares integer b equal to 75
set integer b equal to 64
sets integer b equal to 81
create global integer c equal to 26
creates global integer c equal to 64
define global integer c equal to 64
defines global integer c equal to 52
declare global integer c equal to 71
declares global integer c equal to 16
set global integer c equal to 29
sets global integer c equal to 10
create local integer c equal to 58
creates local integer c equal to 17
define local integer c equal to 41
defines local integer c equal to 50
declare local integer c equal to 94
declares local integer c equal to 68
set local integer c equal to 92
sets local integer c equal to 95
create integer c equal to 58
creates integer c equal to 68
define integer c equal to 81
defines integer c equal to 97
declare integer c equal to 59
declares integer c equal to 38
set integer c equal to 95
sets integer c equal to 62
create global integers integers0 equal to 0
creates global integers integers0 equal to 85
define global integers integers0 equal to 46
defines global integers integers0 equal to 57
declare global integers integers0 equal to 25
declares global integers integers0 equal to 30
set global integers integers0 equal to 25
sets global integers integers0 equal to 70
create local integers integers0 equal to 26
creates local integers integers0 equal to 98
define local integers integers0 equal to 82
defines local integers integers0 equal to 37
declare local integers integers0 equal to 43
declares local integers integers0 equal to 1
set local integers integers0 equal to 27
sets local integers integers0 equal to 78
create integers integers0 equal to 17
creates integers integers0 equal to 11
define integers integers0 equal to 32
defines integers integers0 equal to 54
declare integers integers0 equal to 9
declares integers integers0 equal to 43
set integers integers0 equal to 23
sets integers integers0 equal to 71
create global integers integers1 equal to 98
creates global integers integers1 equal to 57
define global integers integers1 equal to 78
defines global integers integers1 equal to 96
declare global integers integers1 equal to 26
declares global integers integers1 equal to 10
set global integers integers1 equal to 33
sets global integers integers1 equal to 69
create local integers integers1 equal to 79
creates local integers integers1 equal to 51
define local integers integers1 equal to 48
defines local integers integers1 equal to 87
declare local integers integers1 equal to 50
declares local integers integers1 equal to 41
set local integers integers1 equal to 17
sets local integers integers1 equal to 42
create integers integers1 equal to 43
creates integers integers1 equal to 86
define integers integers1 equal to 82
defines integers integers1 equal to 85
declare integers integers1 equal to 22
declares integers integers1 equal to 42
set integers integers1 equal to 87
sets integers integers1 equal to 55
create global integers integers2 equal to 65
creates global integers integers2 equal to 80
define global integers integers2 equal to 34
defines global integers integers2 equal to 27
declare global integers integers2 equal to 15
declares global integers integers2 equal to 58
set global integers integers2 equal to 44
sets global integers integers2 equal to 34
create local integers integers2 equal to 21
creates local integers integers2 equal to 52
define local integers integers2 equal to 95
defines local integers integers2 equal to 96
declare local integers integers2 equal to 77
declares local integers integers2 equal to 29
set local integers integers2 equal to 91
sets local integers integers2 equal to 99
create integers integers2 equal to 8
creates integers integers2 equal to 60
define integers integers2 equal to 37
defines integers integers2 equal to 31
declare integers integers2 equal to 16
declares integers integers2 equal to 59
set integers integers2 equal to 41
sets integers integers2 equal to 8
create global integers i equal to 73
creates global integers i equal to 24
define global integers i equal to 41
defines global integers i equal to 73
declare global integers i equal to 60
declares global integers i equal to 73
set global integers i equal to 87
sets global integers i equal to 73
create local integers i equal to 67
creates local integers i equal to 79
define local integers i equal to 19
defines local integers i equal to 52
declare local integers i equal to 7
declares local integers i equal to 77
set local integers i equal to 64
sets local integers i equal to 56
create integers i equal to 40
creates integers i equal to 5
define integers i equal to 54
defines integers i equal to 46
declare integers i equal to 74
declares integers i equal to 11
set integers i equal to 80
sets integers i equal to 95
create global integers j equal to 23
creates global integers j equal to 24
define global integers j equal to 11
defines global integers j equal to 95
declare global integers j equal to 100
declares global integers j equal to 95
set global integers j equal to 19
sets global integers j equal to 19
create local integers j equal to 44
creates local integers j equal to 97
define local integers j equal to 21
defines local integers j equal to 20
declare local integers j equal to 91
declares local integers j equal to 94
set local integers j equal to 44
sets local integers j equal to 78
create integers j equal to 12
creates integers j equal to 30
define integers j equal to 53
defines integers j equal to 30
declare integers j equal to 51
declares integers j equal to 50
set integers j equal to 46
sets integers j equal to 4
create global integers k equal to 22
creates global integers k equal to 38
define global integers k equal to 13
defines global integers k equal to 95
declare global integers k equal to 39
declares global integers k equal to 66
set global integers k equal to 68
sets global integers k equal to 8
create local integers k equal to 62
creates local integers k equal to 57
define local integers k equal to 70
defines local integers k equal to 82
declare local integers k equal to 78
declares local integers k equal to 55
set local integers k equal to 58
sets local integers k equal to 88
create integers k equal to 2
creates integers k equal to 63
define integers k equal to 61
defines integers k equal to 97
declare integers k equal to 95
declares integers k equal to 90
set integers k equal to 64
sets integers k equal to 27
create global integers a equal to 5
creates global integers a equal to 43
define global integers a equal to 43
defines global integers a equal to 39
declare global integers a equal to 9
declares global integers a equal to 62
set global integers a equal to 26
sets global integers a equal to 94
create local integers a equal to 86
creates local integers a equal to 9
define local integers a equal to 94
defines local integers a equal to 29
declare local integers a equal to 46
declares local integers a equal to 78
set local integers a equal to 29
sets local integers a equal to 33
create integers a equal to 73
creates integers a equal to 18
define integers a equal to 83
defines integers a equal to 94
declare integers a equal to 57
declares integers a equal to 34
set integers a equal to 36
sets integers a equal to 14
create global integers b equal to 40
creates global integers b equal to 57
define global integers b equal to 72
defines global integers b equal to 77
declare global integers b equal to 38
declares global integers b equal to 12
set global integers b equal to 73
sets global integers b equal to 64
create local integers b equal to 0
creates local integers b equal to 29
define local integers b equal to 41
defines local integers b equal to 68
declare local integers b equal to 100
declares local integers b equal to 95
set local integers b equal to 27
sets local integers b equal to 36
create integers b equal to 77
creates integers b equal to 64
define integers b equal to 92
defines integers b equal to 37
declare integers b equal to 50
declares integers b equal to 39
set integers b equal to 7
sets integers b equal to 2
create global integers c equal to 79
creates global integers c equal to 90
define global integers c equal to 90
defines global integers c equal to 91
declare global integers c equal to 44
declares global integers c equal to 99
set global integers c equal to 39
sets global integers c equal to 76
create local integers c equal to 63
creates local integers c equal to 0
define local integers c equal to 98
defines local integers c equal to 28
declare local integers c equal to 6
declares local integers c equal to 86
set local integers c equal to 41
sets local integers c equal to 95
create integers c equal to 27
creates integers c equal to 51
define integers c equal to 87
defines integers c equal to 29
declare integers c equal to 10
declares integers c equal to 82
set integers c equal to 0
sets integers c equal to 99
create global int int0 equal to 42
creates global int int0 equal to 52
define global int int0 equal to 43
defines global int int0 equal to 95
declare global int int0 equal to 37
declares global int int0 equal to 94
set global int int0 equal to 9
sets global int int0 equal to 28
create local int int0 equal to 27
creates local int int0 equal to 42
define local int int0 equal to 65
defines local int int0 equal to 42
declare local int int0 equal to 59
declares local int int0 equal to 2
set local int int0 equal to 2
sets local int int0 equal to 0
create int int0 equal to 93
creates int int0 equal to 44
define int int0 equal to 19
defines int int0 equal to 71
declare int int0 equal to 21
declares int int0 equal to 13
set int int0 equal to 80
sets int int0 equal to 100
create global int int1 equal to 75
creates global int int1 equal to 64
define global int int1 equal to 98
defines global int int1 equal to 22
declare global int int1 equal to 90
declares global int int1 equal to 89
set global int int1 equal to 54
sets global int int1 equal to 95
create local int int1 equal to 50
creates local int int1 equal to 95
define local int int1 equal to 100
defines local int int1 equal to 73
declare local int int1 equal to 71
declares local int int1 equal to 62
set local int int1 equal to 81
sets local int int1 equal to 45
create int int1 equal to 16
creates int int1 equal to 44
define int int1 equal to 86
defines int int1 equal to 45
declare int int1 equal to 25
declares int int1 equal to 87
set int int1 equal to 16
sets int int1 equal to 96
create global int int2 equal to 4
creates global int int2 equal to 11
define global int int2 equal to 23
defines global int int2 equal to 27
declare global int int2 equal to 59
declares global int int2 equal to 35
set global int int2 equal to 36
sets global int int2 equal to 41
create local int int2 equal to 62
creates local int int2 equal to 48
define local int int2 equal to 62
defines local int int2 equal to 24
declare local int int2 equal to 14
declares local int int2 equal to 65
set local int int2 equal to 12
sets local int int2 equal to 17
create int int2 equal to 38
creates int int2 equal to 80
define int int2 equal to 33
defines int int2 equal to 37
declare int int2 equal to 79
declares int int2 equal to 60
set int int2 equal to 56
sets int int2 equal to 84
create global int i equal to 75
creates global int i equal to 52
define global int i equal to 94
defines global int i equal to 14
declare global int i equal to 41
declares global int i equal to 96
set global int i equal to 100
sets global int i equal to 38
create local int i equal to 77
creates local int i equal to 0
define local int i equal to 2
defines local int i equal to 21
declare local int i equal to 77
declares local int i equal to 31
set local int i equal to 32
sets local int i equal to 36
create int i equal to 35
creates int i equal to 7
define int i equal to 89
defines int i equal to 61
declare int i equal to 11
declares int i equal to 11
set int i equal to 37
sets int i equal to 38
create global int j equal to 74
creates global int j equal to 77
define global int j equal to 58
defines global int j equal to 47
declare global int j equal to 86
declares global int j equal to 65
set global int j equal to 94
sets global int j equal to 46
create local int j equal to 37
creates local int j equal to 67
define local int j equal to 70
defines local int j equal to 37
declare local int j equal to 96
declares local int j equal to 30
set local int j equal to 9
sets local int j equal to 16
create int j equal to 38
creates int j equal to 51
define int j equal to 11
defines int j equal to 100
declare int j equal to 99
declares int j equal to 17
set int j equal to 38
sets int j equal to 45
create global int k equal to 23
creates global int k equal to 1
define global int k equal to 41
defines global int k equal to 29
declare global int k equal to 22
declares global int k equal to 67
set global int k equal to 96
sets global int k equal to 20
create local int k equal to 73
creates local int k equal to 20
define local int k equal to 4
defines local int k equal to 12
declare local int k equal to 28
declares local int k equal to 8
set local int k equal to 41
sets local int k equal to 79
create int k equal to 59
creates int k equal to 87
define int k equal to 57
defines int k equal to 86
declare int k equal to 87
declares int k equal to 13
set int k equal to 41
sets int k equal to 53
create global int a equal to 77
creates global int a equal to 49
define global int a equal to 90
defines global int a equal to 83
declare global int a equal to 83
declares global int a equal to 40
set global int a equal to 77
sets global int a equal to 44
create local int a equal to 32
creates local int a equal to 96
define local int a equal to 79
defines local int a equal to 56
declare local int a equal to 79
declares local int a equal to 24
set local int a equal to 3
sets local int a equal to 96
create int a equal to 21
creates int a equal to 46
define int a equal to 18
defines int a equal to 51
declare int a equal to 16
declares int a equal to 100
set int a equal to 63
sets int a equal to 31
create global int b equal to 48
creates global int b equal to 66
define global int b equal to 26
defines global int b equal to 47
declare global int b equal to 44
declares global int b equal to 4
set global int b equal to 74
sets global int b equal to 9
create local int b equal to 92
creates local int b equal to 19
define local int b equal to 54
defines local int b equal to 91
declare local int b equal to 74
declares local int b equal to 22
set local int b equal to 12
sets local int b equal to 40
create int b equal to 35
creates int b equal to 23
define int b equal to 90
defines int b equal to 84
declare int b equal to 42
declares int b equal to 59
set int b equal to 6
sets int b equal to 91
create global int c equal to 28
creates global int c equal to 29
define global int c equal to 0
defines global int c equal to 91
declare global int c equal to 1
declares global int c equal to 55
set global int c equal to 18
sets global int c equal to 39
create local int c equal to 8
creates local int c equal to 83
define local int c equal to 20
defines local int c equal to 76
declare local int c equal to 9
declares local int c equal to 16
set local int c equal to 66
sets local int c equal to 98
create int c equal to 44
creates int c equal to 69
define int c equal to 23
defines int c equal to 25
declare int c equal to 32
declares int c equal to 67
set int c equal to 99
sets int c equal to 83
create global ints ints0 equal to 100
creates global ints ints0 equal to 5
define global ints ints0 equal to 2
defines global ints ints0 equal to 84
declare global ints ints0 equal to 36
declares global ints ints0 equal to 61
set global ints ints0 equal to 49
sets global ints ints0 equal to 54
create local ints ints0 equal to 24
creates local ints ints0 equal to 2
define local ints ints0 equal to 24
defines local ints ints0 equal to 1
declare local ints ints0 equal to 14
declares local ints ints0 equal to 70
set local ints ints0 equal to 61
sets local ints ints0 equal to 43
create ints ints0 equal to 11
creates ints ints0 equal to 41
define ints ints0 equal to 86
defines ints ints0 equal to 24
declare ints ints0 equal to 3
declares ints ints0 equal to 56
set ints ints0 equal to 48
sets ints ints0 equal to 8
create global ints ints1 equal to 83
creates global ints ints1 equal to 95
define global ints ints1 equal to 98
defines global ints ints1 equal to 14
declare global ints ints1 equal to 25
declares global ints ints1 equal to 83
set global ints ints1 equal to 93
sets global ints ints1 equal to 21
create local ints ints1 equal to 65
creates local ints ints1 equal to 59
define local ints ints1 equal to 12
defines local ints ints1 equal to 82
declare local ints ints1 equal to 45
declares local ints ints1 equal to 11
set local ints ints1 equal to 38
sets local ints ints1 equal to 63
create ints ints1 equal to 38
creates ints ints1 equal to 64
define ints ints1 equal to 18
defines ints ints1 equal to 67
declare ints ints1 equal to 95
declares ints ints1 equal to 29
set ints ints1 equal to 20
sets ints ints1 equal to 35
create global ints ints2 equal to 6
creates global ints ints2 equal to 83
define global ints ints2 equal to 5
defines global ints ints2 equal to 46
declare global ints ints2 equal to 30
declares global ints ints2 equal to 2
set global ints ints2 equal to 14
sets global ints ints2 equal to 5
create local ints ints2 equal to 31
creates local ints ints2 equal to 89
define local ints ints2 equal to 56
defines local ints ints2 equal to 36
declare local ints ints2 equal to 65
declares local ints ints2 equal to 85
set local ints ints2 equal to 75
sets local ints ints2 equal to 33
create ints ints2 equal to 20
creates ints ints2 equal to 100
define ints ints2 equal to 97
defines ints ints2 equal to 29
declare ints ints2 equal to 33
declares ints ints2 equal to 71
set ints ints2 equal to 92
sets ints ints2 equal to 73
create global ints i equal to 21
creates global ints i equal to 42
define global ints i equal to 44
defines global ints i equal to 32
declare global ints i equal to 47
declares global ints i equal to 16
set global ints i equal to 100
sets global ints i equal to 93
create local ints i equal to 75
creates local ints i equal to 44
define local ints i equal to 58
defines local ints i equal to 83
declare local ints i equal to 36
declares local ints i equal to 100
set local ints i equal to 95
sets local ints i equal to 90
create ints i equal to 42
creates ints i equal to 12
define ints i equal to 91
defines ints i equal to 62
declare ints i equal to 27
declares ints i equal to 35
set ints i equal to 59
sets ints i equal to 29
create global ints j equal to 99
creates global ints j equal to 92
define global ints j equal to 61
defines global ints j equal to 92
declare global ints j equal to 18
declares global ints j equal to 68
set global ints j equal to 52
sets global ints j equal to 99
create local ints j equal to 62
creates local ints j equal to 76
define local ints j equal to 14
defines local ints j equal to 0
declare local ints j equal to 19
declares local ints j equal to 70
set local ints j equal to 77
sets local ints j equal to 40
create ints j equal to 7
creates ints j equal to 26
define ints j equal to 24
defines ints j equal to 39
declare ints j equal to 66
declares ints j equal to 67
set ints j equal to 43
sets ints j equal to 47
create global ints k equal to 29
creates global ints k equal to 44
define global ints k equal to 56
defines global ints k equal to 59
declare global ints k equal to 56
declares global ints k equal to 80
set global ints k equal to 52
sets global ints k equal to 28
create local ints k equal to 38
creates local ints k equal to 13
define local ints k equal to 77
defines local ints k equal to 35
declare local ints k equal to 31
declares local ints k equal to 79
set local ints k equal to 40
sets local ints k equal to 36
create ints k equal to 67
creates ints k equal to 76
define ints k equal to 22
defines ints k equal to 52
declare ints k equal to 90
declares ints k equal to 83
set ints k equal to 18
sets ints k equal to 0
create global ints a equal to 74
creates global ints a equal to 23
define global ints a equal to 89
defines global ints a equal to 23
declare global ints a equal to 99
declares global ints a equal to 22
set global ints a equal to 16
sets global ints a equal to 83
create local ints a equal to 75
creates local ints a equal to 75
define local ints a equal to 74
defines local ints a equal to 3
declare local ints a equal to 21
declares local ints a equal to 34
set local ints a equal to 23
sets local ints a equal to 2
create ints a equal to 17
creates ints a equal to 50
define ints a equal to 25
defines ints a equal to 100
declare ints a equal to 80
declares ints a equal to 49
set ints a equal to 49
sets ints a equal to 72
create global ints b equal to 36
creates global ints b equal to 79
define global ints b equal to 19
defines global ints b equal to 79
declare global ints b equal to 64
declares global ints b equal to 47
set global ints b equal to 25
sets global ints b equal to 17
create local ints b equal to 58
creates local ints b equal to 32
define local ints b equal to 82
defines local ints b equal to 62
declare local ints b equal to 89
declares local ints b equal to 6
set local ints b equal to 43
sets local ints b equal to 42
create ints b equal to 66
creates ints b equal to 39
define ints b equal to 73
defines ints b equal to 50
declare ints b equal to 37
declares ints b equal to 91
set ints b equal to 83
sets ints b equal to 42
create global ints c equal to 57
creates global ints c equal to 81
define global ints c equal to 19
defines global ints c equal to 22
declare global ints c equal to 56
declares global ints c equal to 30
set global ints c equal to 49
sets global ints c equal to 74
create local ints c equal to 18
creates local ints c equal to 48
define local ints c equal to 81
defines local ints c equal to 26
declare local ints c equal to 11
declares local ints c equal to 62
set local ints c equal to 89
sets local ints c equal to 77
create ints c equal to 15
creates ints c equal to 9
define ints c equal to 15
defines ints c equal to 88
declare ints c equal to 37
declares ints c equal to 72
set ints c equal to 63
sets ints c equal to 65
create global float float0 equal to 94
creates global float float0 equal to 80
define global float float0 equal to 99
defines global float float0 equal to 71
declare global float float0 equal to 20
declares global float float0 equal to 12
set global float float0 equal to 85
sets global float float0 equal to 75
create local float float0 equal to 73
creates local float float0 equal to 11
define local float float0 equal to 45
defines local float float0 equal to 10
declare local float float0 equal to 66
declares local float float0 equal to 27
set local float float0 equal to 72
sets local float float0 equal to 98
create float float0 equal to 67
creates float float0 equal to 82
define float float0 equal to 90
defines float float0 equal to 28
declare float float0 equal to 83
declares float float0 equal to 89
set float float0 equal to 4
sets float float0 equal to 55
create global float float1 equal to 72
creates global float float1 equal to 27
define global float float1 equal to 4
defines global float float1 equal to 79
declare global float float1 equal to 2
declares global float float1 equal to 88
set global float float1 equal to 73
sets global float float1 equal to 31
create local float float1 equal to 20
creates local float float1 equal to 17
define local float float1 equal to 73
defines local float float1 equal to 70
declare local float float1 equal to 13
declares local float float1 equal to 53
set local float float1 equal to 4
sets local float float1 equal to 98
create float float1 equal to 60
creates float float1 equal to 56
define float float1 equal to 39
defines float float1 equal to 2
declare float float1 equal to 27
declares float float1 equal to 1
set float float1 equal to 75
sets float float1 equal to 24
create global float float2 equal to 52
creates global float float2 equal to 51
define global float float2 equal to 57
defines global float float2 equal to 0
declare global float float2 equal to 66
declares global float float2 equal to 62
set global float float2 equal to 80
sets global float float2 equal to 100
create local float float2 equal to 99
creates local float float2 equal to 63
define local float float2 equal to 65
defines local float float2 equal to 26
declare local float float2 equal to 69
declares local float float2 equal to 78
set local float float2 equal to 3
sets local float float2 equal to 3
create float float2 equal to 70
creates float float2 equal to 21
define float float2 equal to 43
defines float float2 equal to 7
declare float float2 equal to 32
declares float float2 equal to 64
set float float2 equal to 45
sets float float2 equal to 59
create global float i equal to 74
creates global float i equal to 63
define global float i equal to 52
defines global float i equal to 7
declare global float i equal to 83
declares global float i equal to 33
set global float i equal to 26
sets global float i equal to 94
create local float i equal to 58
creates local float i equal to 47
define local float i equal to 25
defines local float i equal to 42
declare local float i equal to 11
declares local float i equal to 11
set local float i equal to 38
sets local float i equal to 80
create float i equal to 38
creates float i equal to 99
define float i equal to 99
defines float i equal to 64
declare float i equal to 10
declares float i equal to 18
set float i equal to 96
sets float i equal to 97
create global float j equal to 16
creates global float j equal to 38
define global float j equal to 84
defines global float j equal to 78
declare global float j equal to 5
declares global float j equal to 35
set global float j equal to 34
sets global float j equal to 55
create local float j equal to 30
creates local float j equal to 86
define local float j equal to 58
defines local float j equal to 73
declare local float j equal to 37
declares local float j equal to 75
set local float j equal to 95
sets local float j equal to 91
create float j equal to 56
creates float j equal to 64
define float j equal to 58
defines float j equal to 73
declare float j equal to 36
declares float j equal to 21
set float j equal to 53
sets float j equal to 41
create global float k equal to 13
creates global float k equal to 40
define global float k equal to 74
defines global float k equal to 65
declare global float k equal to 94
declares global float k equal to 7
set global float k equal to 92
sets global float k equal to 34
create local float k equal to 65
creates local float k equal to 66
define local float k equal to 28
defines local float k equal to 51
declare local float k equal to 11
declares local float k equal to 87
set local float k equal to 76
sets local float k equal to 39
create float k equal to 7
creates float k equal to 65
define float k equal to 17
defines float k equal to 28
declare float k equal to 66
declares float k equal to 50
set float k equal to 63
sets float k equal to 43
create global float a equal to 24
creates global float a equal to 6
define global float a equal to 22
defines global float a equal to 36
declare global float a equal to 35
declares global float a equal to 50
set global float a equal to 20
sets global float a equal to 92
create local float a equal to 69
creates local float a equal to 7
define local float a equal to 51
defines local float a equal to 57
declare local float a equal to 39
declares local float a equal to 8
set local float a equal to 8
sets local float a equal to 48
create float a equal to 58
creates float a equal to 42
define float a equal to 58
defines float a equal to 17
declare float a equal to 15
declares float a equal to 12
set float a equal to 81
sets float a equal to 13
create global float b equal to 20
creates global float b equal to 2
define global float b equal to 18
defines global float b equal to 55
declare global float b equal to 59
declares global float b equal to 89
set global float b equal to 91
sets global float b equal to 43
create local float b equal to 24
creates local float b equal to 25
define local float b equal to 18
defines local float b equal to 82
declare local float b equal to 71
declares local float b equal to 42
set local float b equal to 55
sets local float b equal to 41
create float b equal to 3
creates float b equal to 23
define float b equal to 24
defines float b equal to 72
declare float b equal to 80
declares float b equal to 76
set float b equal to 88
sets float b equal to 17
create global float c equal to 61
creates global float c equal to 17
define global float c equal to 49
defines global float c equal to 37
declare global float c equal to 38
declares global float c equal to 60
set global float c equal to 92
sets global float c equal to 56
create local float c equal to 3
creates local float c equal to 20
define local float c equal to 38
defines local float c equal to 52
declare local float c equal to 9
declares local float c equal to 97
set local float c equal to 72
sets local float c equal to 16
create float c equal to 98
creates float c equal to 84
define float c equal to 50
defines float c equal to 27
declare float c equal to 69
declares float c equal to 71
set float c equal to 25
sets float c equal to 63
create global floats floats0 equal to 66
creates global floats floats0 equal to 72
define global floats floats0 equal to 56
defines global floats floats0 equal to 60
declare global floats floats0 equal to 57
declares global floats floats0 equal to 78
set global floats floats0 equal to 16
sets global floats floats0 equal to 82
create local floats floats0 equal to 73
creates local floats floats0 equal to 18
define local floats floats0 equal to 27
defines local floats floats0 equal to 36
declare local floats floats0 equal to 39
declares local floats floats0 equal to 44
set local floats floats0 equal to 42
sets local floats floats0 equal to 26
create floats floats0 equal to 30
creates floats floats0 equal to 48
define floats floats0 equal to 80
defines floats floats0 equal to 49
declare floats floats0 equal to 66
declares floats floats0 equal to 27
set floats floats0 equal to 12
sets floats floats0 equal to 0
create global floats floats1 equal to 12
creates global floats floats1 equal to 1
define global floats floats1 equal to 49
defines global floats floats1 equal to 90
declare global floats floats1 equal to 41
declares global floats floats1 equal to 90
set global floats floats1 equal to 29
sets global floats floats1 equal to 40
create local floats floats1 equal to 87
creates local floats floats1 equal to 43
define local floats floats1 equal to 45
defines local floats floats1 equal to 7
declare local floats floats1 equal to 78
declares local floats floats1 equal to 92
set local floats floats1 equal to 59
sets local floats floats1 equal to 66
create floats floats1 equal to 99
creates floats floats1 equal to 10
define floats floats1 equal to 41
defines floats floats1 equal to 92
declare floats floats1 equal to 60
declares floats floats1 equal to 33
set floats floats1 equal to 20
sets floats floats1 equal to 81
create global floats floats2 equal to 39
creates global floats floats2 equal to 20
define global floats floats2 equal to 64
defines global floats floats2 equal to 31
declare global floats floats2 equal to 66
declares global floats floats2 equal to 73
set global floats floats2 equal to 72
sets global floats floats2 equal to 84
create local floats floats2 equal to 2
creates local floats floats2 equal to 51
define local floats floats2 equal to 28
defines local floats floats2 equal to 42
declare local floats floats2 equal to 1
declares local floats floats2 equal to 43
set local floats floats2 equal to 68
sets local floats floats2 equal to 12
create floats floats2 equal to 85
creates floats floats2 equal to 21
define floats floats2 equal to 61
defines floats floats2 equal to 92
declare floats floats2 equal to 24
declares floats floats2 equal to 18
set floats floats2 equal to 80
sets floats floats2 equal to 41
create global floats i equal to 35
creates global floats i equal to 78
define global floats i equal to 43
defines global floats i equal to 50
declare global floats i equal to 23
declares global floats i equal to 94
set global floats i equal to 35
sets global floats i equal to 34
create local floats i equal to 7
creates local floats i equal to 23
define local floats i equal to 90
defines local floats i equal to 54
declare local floats i equal to 95
declares local floats i equal to 33
set local floats i equal to 1
sets local floats i equal to 20
create floats i equal to 97
creates floats i equal to 24
define floats i equal to 44
defines floats i equal to 40
declare floats i equal to 22
declares floats i equal to 8
set floats i equal to 68
sets floats i equal to 67
create global floats j equal to 40
creates global floats j equal to 53
define global floats j equal to 38
defines global floats j equal to 7
declare global floats j equal to 100
declares global floats j equal to 16
set global floats j equal to 76
sets global floats j equal to 90
create local floats j equal to 27
creates local floats j equal to 80
define local floats j equal to 78
defines local floats j equal to 87
declare local floats j equal to 51
declares local floats j equal to 49
set local floats j equal to 7
sets local floats j equal to 26
create floats j equal to 32
creates floats j equal to 67
define floats j equal to 44
defines floats j equal to 44
declare floats j equal to 19
declares floats j equal to 42
set floats j equal to 30
sets floats j equal to 94
create global floats k equal to 8
creates global floats k equal to 63
define global floats k equal to 41
defines global floats k equal to 5
declare global floats k equal to 40
declares global floats k equal to 23
set global floats k equal to 68
sets global floats k equal to 74
create local floats k equal to 28
creates local floats k equal to 56
define local floats k equal to 35
defines local floats k equal to 33
declare local floats k equal to 59
declares local floats k equal to 94
set local floats k equal to 6
sets local floats k equal to 62
create floats k equal to 30
creates floats k equal to 6
define floats k equal to 6
defines floats k equal to 9
declare floats k equal to 15
declares floats k equal to 49
set floats k equal to 42
sets floats k equal to 36
create global floats a equal to 12
creates global floats a equal to 25
define global floats a equal to 66
defines global floats a equal to 99
declare global floats a equal to 19
declares global floats a equal to 68
set global floats a equal to 49
sets global floats a equal to 62
create local floats a equal to 68
creates local floats a equal to 20
define local floats a equal to 15
defines local floats a equal to 98
declare local floats a equal to 68
declares local floats a equal to 86
set local floats a equal to 57
sets local floats a equal to 25
create floats a equal to 44
creates floats a equal to 58
define floats a equal to 67
defines floats a equal to 3
declare floats a equal to 64
declares floats a equal to 73
set floats a equal to 88
sets floats a equal to 76
create global floats b equal to 96
creates global floats b equal to 100
define global floats b equal to 42
defines global floats b equal to 28
declare global floats b equal to 59
declares global floats b equal to 4
set global floats b equal to 21
sets global floats b equal to 83
create local floats b equal to 61
creates local floats b equal to 89
define local floats b equal to 74
defines local floats b equal to 52
declare local floats b equal to 83
declares local floats b equal to 80
set local floats b equal to 26
sets local floats b equal to 67
create floats b equal to 95
creates floats b equal to 88
define floats b equal to 1
defines floats b equal to 14
declare floats b equal to 97
declares floats b equal to 96
set floats b equal to 32
sets floats b equal to 69
create global floats c equal to 79
creates global floats c equal to 19
define global floats c equal to 34
defines global floats c equal to 25
declare global floats c equal to 91
declares global floats c equal to 19
set global floats c equal to 34
sets global floats c equal to 75
create local floats c equal to 91
creates local floats c equal to 92
define local floats c equal to 52
defines local floats c equal to 19
declare local floats c equal to 90
declares local floats c equal to 23
set local floats c equal to 58
sets local floats c equal to 3
create floats c equal to 89
creates floats c equal to 1
define floats c equal to 49
defines floats c equal to 89
declare floats c equal to 92
declares floats c equal to 39
set floats c equal to 69
sets floats c equal to 12
create global number number0 equal to 13
creates global number number0 equal to 47
define global number number0 equal to 77
defines global number number0 equal to 61
declare global number number0 equal to 42
declares global number number0 equal to 53
set global number number0 equal to 88
sets global number number0 equal to 83
create local number number0 equal to 85
creates local number number0 equal to 85
define local number number0 equal to 95
defines local number number0 equal to 72
declare local number number0 equal to 37
declares local number number0 equal to 66
set local number number0 equal to 40
sets local number number0 equal to 81
create number number0 equal to 52
creates number number0 equal to 60
define number number0 equal to 27
defines number number0 equal to 39
declare number number0 equal to 90
declares number number0 equal to 13
set number number0 equal to 58
sets number number0 equal to 21
create global number number1 equal to 53
creates global number number1 equal to 49
define global number number1 equal to 69
defines global number number1 equal to 55
declare global number number1 equal to 65
declares global number number1 equal to 43
set global number number1 equal to 29
sets global number number1 equal to 65
create local number number1 equal to 20
creates local number number1 equal to 3
define local number number1 equal to 40
defines local number number1 equal to 44
declare local number number1 equal to 10
declares local number number1 equal to 31
set local number number1 equal to 87
sets local number number1 equal to 45
create number number1 equal to 25
creates number number1 equal to 7
define number number1 equal to 36
defines number number1 equal to 65
declare number number1 equal to 68
declares number number1 equal to 27
set number number1 equal to 77
sets number number1 equal to 6
create global number number2 equal to 43
creates global number number2 equal to 54
define global number number2 equal to 36
defines global number number2 equal to 42
declare global number number2 equal to 52
declares global number number2 equal to 26
set global number number2 equal to 55
sets global number number2 equal to 100
create local number number2 equal to 78
creates local number number2 equal to 22
define local number number2 equal to 95
defines local number number2 equal to 37
declare local number number2 equal to 43
declares local number number2 equal to 49
set local number number2 equal to 23
sets local number number2 equal to 57
create number number2 equal to 75
creates number number2 equal to 74
define number number2 equal to 62
defines number number2 equal to 84
declare number number2 equal to 90
declares number number2 equal to 11
set number number2 equal to 7
sets number number2 equal to 16
create global number i equal to 31
creates global number i equal to 13
define global number i equal to 54
defines global number i equal to 74
declare global number i equal to 100
declares global number i equal to 59
set global number i equal to 90
sets global number i equal to 0
create local number i equal to 74
creates local number i equal to 42
define local number i equal to 94
defines local number i equal to 22
declare local number i equal to 83
declares local number i equal to 18
set local number i equal to 52
sets local number i equal to 46
create number i equal to 38
creates number i equal to 62
define number i equal to 77
defines number i equal to 100
declare number i equal to 20
declares number i equal to 58
set number i equal to 49
sets number i equal to 79
create global number j equal to 47
creates global number j equal to 99
define global number j equal to 85
defines global number j equal to 75
declare global number j equal to 13
declares global number j equal to 19
set global number j equal to 59
sets global number j equal to 48
create local number j equal to 2
creates local number j equal to 87
define local number j equal to 69
defines local number j equal to 57
declare local number j equal to 56
declares local number j equal to 74
set local number j equal to 76
sets local number j equal to 63
create number j equal to 98
creates number j equal to 61
define number j equal to 61
defines number j equal to 30
declare number j equal to 34
declares number j equal to 5
set number j equal to 20
sets number j equal to 13
create global number k equal to 82
creates global number k equal to 91
define global number k equal to 17
defines global number k equal to 32
declare global number k equal to 35
declares global number k equal to 24
set global number k equal to 37
sets global number k equal to 77
create local number k equal to 98
creates local number k equal to 9
define local number k equal to 24
defines local number k equal to 49
declare local number k equal to 66
declares local number k equal to 80
set local number k equal to 77
sets local number k equal to 22
create number k equal to 80
creates number k equal to 39
define number k equal to 85
defines number k equal to 50
declare number k equal to 15
declares number k equal to 82
set number k equal to 56
sets number k equal to 75
create global number a equal to 82
creates global number a equal to 60
define global number a equal to 75
defines global number a equal to 21
declare global number a equal to 36
declares global number a equal to 95
set global number a equal to 93
sets global number a equal to 93
create local number a equal to 71
creates local number a equal to 18
define local number a equal to 36
defines local number a equal to 83
declare local number a equal to 97
declares local number a equal to 24
set local number a equal to 80
sets local number a equal to 34
create number a equal to 86
creates number a equal to 17
define number a equal to 69
defines number a equal to 47
declare number a equal to 47
declares number a equal to 45
set number a equal to 10
sets number a equal to 26
create global number b equal to 51
creates global number b equal to 93
define global number b equal to 97
defines global number b equal to 87
declare global number b equal to 99
declares global number b equal to 68
set global number b equal to 84
sets global number b equal to 98
create local number b equal to 94
creates local number b equal to 24
define local number b equal to 72
defines local number b equal to 87
declare local number b equal to 28
declares local number b equal to 46
set local number b equal to 69
sets local number b equal to 70
create number b equal to 81
creates number b equal to 9
define number b equal to 33
defines number b equal to 69
declare number b equal to 95
declares number b equal to 11
set number b equal to 94
sets number b equal to 94
create global number c equal to 2
creates global number c equal to 69
define global number c equal to 20
defines global number c equal to 43
declare global number c equal to 79
declares global number c equal to 3
set global number c equal to 46
sets global number c equal to 89
create local number c equal to 51
creates local number c equal to 58
define local number c equal to 32
defines local number c equal to 27
declare local number c equal to 78
declares local number c equal to 19
set local number c equal to 22
sets local number c equal to 53
create number c equal to 76
creates number c equal to 81
define number c equal to 70
defines number c equal to 42
declare number c equal to 11
declares number c equal to 70
set number c equal to 28
sets number c equal to 5
create global numbers numbers0 equal to 68
creates global numbers numbers0 equal to 70
define global numbers numbers0 equal to 5
defines global numbers numbers0 equal to 72
declare global numbers numbers0 equal to 71
declares global numbers numbers0 equal to 13
set global numbers numbers0 equal to 70
sets global numbers numbers0 equal to 90
create local numbers numbers0 equal to 62
creates local numbers numbers0 equal to 12
define local numbers numbers0 equal to 3
defines local numbers numbers0 equal to 34
declare local numbers numbers0 equal to 69
declares local numbers numbers0 equal to 11
set local numbers numbers0 equal to 13
sets local numbers numbers0 equal to 37
create numbers numbers0 equal to 8
creates numbers numbers0 equal to 84
define numbers numbers0 equal to 10
defines numbers numbers0 equal to 47
declare numbers numbers0 equal to 40
declares numbers numbers0 equal to 3
set numbers numbers0 equal to 73
sets numbers numbers0 equal to 37
create global numbers numbers1 equal to 48
creates global numbers numbers1 equal to 57
define global numbers numbers1 equal to 59
defines global numbers numbers1 equal to 7
declare global numbers numbers1 equal to 96
declares global numbers numbers1 equal to 47
set global numbers numbers1 equal to 38
sets global numbers numbers1 equal to 4
create local numbers numbers1 equal to 2
creates local numbers numbers1 equal to 69
define local numbers numbers1 equal to 87
defines local numbers numbers1 equal to 98
declare local numbers numbers1 equal to 20
declares local numbers numbers1 equal to 96
set local numbers numbers1 equal to 92
sets local numbers numbers1 equal to 52
create numbers numbers1 equal to 50
creates numbers numbers1 equal to 5
define numbers numbers1 equal to 38
defines numbers numbers1 equal to 39
declare numbers numbers1 equal to 61
declares numbers numbers1 equal to 51
set numbers numbers1 equal to 88
sets numbers numbers1 equal to 72
create global numbers numbers2 equal to 88
creates global numbers numbers2 equal to 47
define global numbers numbers2 equal to 3
defines global numbers numbers2 equal to 46
declare global numbers numbers2 equal to 53
declares global numbers numbers2 equal to 42
set global numbers numbers2 equal to 6
sets global numbers numbers2 equal to 69
create local numbers numbers2 equal to 45
creates local numbers numbers2 equal to 46
define local numbers numbers2 equal to 2
defines local numbers numbers2 equal to 67
declare local numbers numbers2 equal to 59
declares local numbers numbers2 equal to 38
set local numbers numbers2 equal to 73
sets local numbers numbers2 equal to 9
create numbers numbers2 equal to 85
creates numbers numbers2 equal to 32
define numbers numbers2 equal to 55
defines numbers numbers2 equal to 78
declare numbers numbers2 equal to 30
declares numbers numbers2 equal to 0
set numbers numbers2 equal to 6
sets numbers numbers2 equal to 45
create global numbers i equal to 12
creates global numbers i equal to 94
define global numbers i equal to 32
defines global numbers i equal to 5
declare global numbers i equal to 61
declares global numbers i equal to 21
set global numbers i equal to 76
sets global numbers i equal to 77
create local numbers i equal to 93
creates local numbers i equal to 63
define local numbers i equal to 16
defines local numbers i equal to 63
declare local numbers i equal to 56
declares local numbers i equal to 39
set local numbers i equal to 77
sets local numbers i equal to 27
create numbers i equal to 79
creates numbers i equal to 28
define numbers i equal to 99
defines numbers i equal to 73
declare numbers i equal to 49
declares numbers i equal to 9
set numbers i equal to 80
sets numbers i equal to 18
create global numbers j equal to 17
creates global numbers j equal to 79
define global numbers j equal to 61
defines global numbers j equal to 89
declare global numbers j equal to 21
declares global numbers j equal to 53
set global numbers j equal to 3
sets global numbers j equal to 67
create local numbers j equal to 32
creates local numbers j equal to 24
define local numbers j equal to 61
defines local numbers j equal to 88
declare local numbers j equal to 54
declares local numbers j equal to 89
set local numbers j equal to 6
sets local numbers j equal to 60
create numbers j equal to 8
creates numbers j equal to 67
define numbers j equal to 60
defines numbers j equal to 64
declare numbers j equal to 55
declares numbers j equal to 63
set numbers j equal to 87
sets numbers j equal to 23
create global numbers k equal to 33
creates global numbers k equal to 45
define global numbers k equal to 97
defines global numbers k equal to 70
declare global numbers k equal to 23
declares global numbers k equal to 21
set global numbers k equal to 8
sets global numbers k equal to 32
create local numbers k equal to 76
creates local numbers k equal to 0
define local numbers k equal to 16
defines local numbers k equal to 75
declare local numbers k equal to 50
declares local numbers k equal to 65
set local numbers k equal to 26
sets local numbers k equal to 32
create numbers k equal to 96
creates numbers k equal to 20
define numbers k equal to 45
defines numbers k equal to 87
declare numbers k equal to 21
declares numbers k equal to 55
set numbers k equal to 72
sets numbers k equal to 82
create global numbers a equal to 65
creates global numbers a equal to 64
define global numbers a equal to 26
defines global numbers a equal to 74
declare global numbers a equal to 45
declares global numbers a equal to 69
set global numbers a equal to 35
sets global numbers a equal to 31
create local numbers a equal to 36
creates local numbers a equal to 65
define local numbers a equal to 7
defines local numbers a equal to 80
declare local numbers a equal to 38
declares local numbers a equal to 41
set local numbers a equal to 90
sets local numbers a equal to 36
create numbers a equal to 0
creates numbers a equal to 31
define numbers a equal to 33
defines numbers a equal to 62
declare numbers a equal to 76
declares numbers a equal to 25
set numbers a equal to 46
sets numbers a equal to 84
create global numbers b equal to 0
creates global numbers b equal to 54
define global numbers b equal to 72
defines global numbers b equal to 15
declare global numbers b equal to 41
declares global numbers b equal to 48
set global numbers b equal to 5
sets global numbers b equal to 71
create local numbers b equal to 33
creates local numbers b equal to 33
define local numbers b equal to 39
defines local numbers b equal to 33
declare local numbers b equal to 42
declares local numbers b equal to 38
set local numbers b equal to 61
sets local numbers b equal to 78
create numbers b equal to 95
creates numbers b equal to 8
define numbers b equal to 32
defines numbers b equal to 0
declare numbers b equal to 42
declares numbers b equal to 71
set numbers b equal to 81
sets numbers b equal to 81
create global numbers c equal to 34
creates global numbers c equal to 41
define global numbers c equal to 90
defines global numbers c equal to 96
declare global numbers c equal to 13
declares global numbers c equal to 16
set global numbers c equal to 18
sets global numbers c equal to 97
create local numbers c equal to 15
creates local numbers c equal to 21
define local numbers c equal to 66
defines local numbers c equal to 1
declare local numbers c equal to 82
declares local numbers c equal to 9
set local numbers c equal to 50
sets local numbers c equal to 27
create numbers c equal to 63
creates numbers c equal to 38
define numbers c equal to 31
defines numbers c equal to 80
declare numbers c equal to 11
declares numbers c equal to 36
set numbers c equal to 96
sets numbers c equal to 1
create global num num0 equal to 12
creates global num num0 equal to 27
define global num num0 equal to 84
defines global num num0 equal to 85
declare global num num0 equal to 1
declares global num num0 equal to 88
set global num num0 equal to 21
sets global num num0 equal to 27
create local num num0 equal to 53
creates local num num0 equal to 20
define local num num0 equal to 96
defines local num num0 equal to 36
declare local num num0 equal to 10
declares local num num0 equal to 67
set local num num0 equal to 34
sets local num num0 equal to 82
create num num0 equal to 64
creates num num0 equal to 10
define num num0 equal to 80
defines num num0 equal to 55
declare num num0 equal to 70
declares num num0 equal to 18
set num num0 equal to 50
sets num num0 equal to 82
create global num num1 equal to 35
creates global num num1 equal to 82
define global num num1 equal to 1
defines global num num1 equal to 79
declare global num num1 equal to 64
declares global num num1 equal to 74
set global num num1 equal to 52
sets global num num1 equal to 37
create local num num1 equal to 79
creates local num num1 equal to 26
define local num num1 equal to 50
defines local num num1 equal to 48
declare local num num1 equal to 100
declares local num num1 equal to 46
set local num num1 equal to 80
sets local num num1 equal to 61
create num num1 equal to 18
creates num num1 equal to 27
define num num1 equal to 34
defines num num1 equal to 64
declare num num1 equal to 62
declares num num1 equal to 32
set num num1 equal to 17
sets num num1 equal to 54
create global num num2 equal to 74
creates global num num2 equal to 25
define global num num2 equal to 61
defines global num num2 equal to 91
declare global num num2 equal to 32
declares global num num2 equal to 88
set global num num2 equal to 45
sets global num num2 equal to 99
create local num num2 equal to 85
creates local num num2 equal to 27
define local num num2 equal to 17
defines local num num2 equal to 55
declare local num num2 equal to 89
declares local num num2 equal to 84
set local num num2 equal to 3
sets local num num2 equal to 76
create num num2 equal to 29
creates num num2 equal to 42
define num num2 equal to 93
defines num num2 equal to 41
declare num num2 equal to 73
declares num num2 equal to 85
set num num2 equal to 61
sets num num2 equal to 24
create global num i equal to 38
creates global num i equal to 93
define global num i equal to 32
defines global num i equal to 98
declare global num i equal to 53
declares global num i equal to 31
set global num i equal to 95
sets global num i equal to 6
create local num i equal to 5
creates local num i equal to 16
define local num i equal to 46
defines local num i equal to 17
declare local num i equal to 21
declares local num i equal to 52
set local num i equal to 38
sets local num i equal to 50
create num i equal to 70
creates num i equal to 79
define num i equal to 45
defines num i equal to 17
declare num i equal to 100
declares num i equal to 44
set num i equal to 97
sets num i equal to 96
create global num j equal to 41
creates global num j equal to 51
define global num j equal to 13
defines global num j equal to 55
declare global num j equal to 22
declares global num j equal to 63
set global num j equal to 55
sets global num j equal to 35
create local num j equal to 83
creates local num j equal to 16
define local num j equal to 98
defines local num j equal to 63
declare local num j equal to 70
declares local num j equal to 78
set local num j equal to 14
sets local num j equal to 10
create num j equal to 92
creates num j equal to 26
define num j equal to 95
defines num j equal to 62
declare num j equal to 60
declares num j equal to 80
set num j equal to 3
sets num j equal to 64
create global num k equal to 48
creates global num k equal to 2
define global num k equal to 89
defines global num k equal to 79
declare global num k equal to 97
declares global num k equal to 33
set global num k equal to 85
sets global num k equal to 60
create local num k equal to 81
creates local num k equal to 29
define local num k equal to 75
defines local num k equal to 84
declare local num k equal to 9
declares local num k equal to 44
set local num k equal to 75
sets local num k equal to 27
create num k equal to 14
creates num k equal to 12
define num k equal to 9
defines num k equal to 17
declare num k equal to 24
declares num k equal to 29
set num k equal to 100
sets num k equal to 67
create global num a equal to 30
creates global num a equal to 4
define global num a equal to 36
defines global num a equal to 31
declare global num a equal to 72
declares global num a equal to 56
set global num a equal to 6
sets global num a equal to 49
create local num a equal to 55
creates local num a equal to 87
define local num a equal to 92
defines local num a equal to 0
declare local num a equal to 74
declares local num a equal to 38
set local num a equal to 35
sets local num a equal to 5
create num a equal to 56
creates num a equal to 18
define num a equal to 26
defines num a equal to 1
declare num a equal to 44
declares num a equal to 22
set num a equal to 42
sets num a equal to 68
create global num b equal to 64
creates global num b equal to 61
define global num b equal to 82
defines global num b equal to 55
declare global num b equal to 49
declares global num b equal to 89
set global num b equal to 65
sets global num b equal to 93
create local num b equal to 20
creates local num b equal to 18
define local num b equal to 0
defines local num b equal to 41
declare local num b equal to 65
declares local num b equal to 17
set local num b equal to 55
sets local num b equal to 29
create num b equal to 74
creates num b equal to 28
define num b equal to 21
defines num b equal to 61
declare num b equal to 58
declares num b equal to 37
set num b equal to 15
sets num b equal to 60
create global num c equal to 3
creates global num c equal to 63
define global num c equal to 0
defines global num c equal to 67
declare global num c equal to 32
declares global num c equal to 89
set global num c equal to 96
sets global num c equal to 13
create local num c equal to 33
creates local num c equal to 19
define local num c equal to 64
defines local num c equal to 13
declare local num c equal to 76
declares local num c equal to 86
set local num c equal to 58
sets local num c equal to 30
create num c equal to 6
creates num c equal to 26
define num c equal to 1
defines num c equal to 8
declare num c equal to 81
declares num c equal to 17
set num c equal to 56
sets num c equal to 2
create global nums nums0 equal to 64
creates global nums nums0 equal to 20
define global nums nums0 equal to 22
defines global nums nums0 equal to 2
declare global nums nums0 equal to 65
declares global nums nums0 equal to 40
set global nums nums0 equal to 99
sets global nums nums0 equal to 94
create local nums nums0 equal to 32
creates local nums nums0 equal to 40
define local nums nums0 equal to 30
defines local nums nums0 equal to 97
declare local nums nums0 equal to 35
declares local nums nums0 equal to 75
set local nums nums0 equal to 59
sets local nums nums0 equal to 100
create nums nums0 equal to 61
creates nums nums0 equal to 34
define nums nums0 equal to 88
defines nums nums0 equal to 34
declare nums nums0 equal to 18
declares nums nums0 equal to 59
set nums nums0 equal to 22
sets nums nums0 equal to 85
create global nums nums1 equal to 0
creates global nums nums1 equal to 64
define global nums nums1 equal to 43
defines global nums nums1 equal to 82
declare global nums nums1 equal to 19
declares global nums nums1 equal to 35
set global nums nums1 equal to 32
sets global nums nums1 equal to 91
create local nums nums1 equal to 63
creates local nums nums1 equal to 4
define local nums nums1 equal to 31
defines local nums nums1 equal to 40
declare local nums nums1 equal to 40
declares local nums nums1 equal to 27
set local nums nums1 equal to 25
sets local nums nums1 equal to 79
create nums nums1 equal to 12
creates nums nums1 equal to 53
define nums nums1 equal to 38
defines nums nums1 equal to 69
declare nums nums1 equal to 99
declares nums nums1 equal to 90
set nums nums1 equal to 59
sets nums nums1 equal to 96
create global nums nums2 equal to 13
creates global nums nums2 equal to 15
define global nums nums2 equal to 72
defines global nums nums2 equal to 95
declare global nums nums2 equal to 99
declares global nums nums2 equal to 48
set global nums nums2 equal to 35
sets global nums nums2 equal to 23
create local nums nums2 equal to 61
creates local nums nums2 equal to 58
define local nums nums2 equal to 87
defines local nums nums2 equal to 53
declare local nums nums2 equal to 0
declares local nums nums2 equal to 14
set local nums nums2 equal to 61
sets local nums nums2 equal to 77
create nums nums2 equal to 99
creates nums nums2 equal to 49
define nums nums2 equal to 0
defines nums nums2 equal to 81
declare nums nums2 equal to 12
declares nums nums2 equal to 94
set nums nums2 equal to 71
sets nums nums2 equal to 63
create global nums i equal to 38
creates global nums i equal to 79
define global nums i equal to 73
defines global nums i equal to 39
declare global nums i equal to 66
declares global nums i equal to 74
set global nums i equal to 30
sets global nums i equal to 48
create local nums i equal to 72
creates local nums i equal to 86
define local nums i equal to 42
defines local nums i equal to 55
declare local nums i equal to 89
declares local nums i equal to 24
set local nums i equal to 57
sets local nums i equal to 31
create nums i equal to 28
creates nums i equal to 73
define nums i equal to 32
defines nums i equal to 2
declare nums i equal to 29
declares nums i equal to 73
set nums i equal to 29
sets nums i equal to 51
create global nums j equal to 96
creates global nums j equal to 84
define global nums j equal to 93
defines global nums j equal to 47
declare global nums j equal to 31
declares global nums j equal to 57
set global nums j equal to 8
sets global nums j equal to 69
create local nums j equal to 79
creates local nums j equal to 18
define local nums j equal to 63
defines local nums j equal to 17
declare local nums j equal to 63
declares local nums j equal to 53
set local nums j equal to 21
sets local nums j equal to 93
create nums j equal to 50
creates nums j equal to 12
define nums j equal to 22
defines nums j equal to 85
declare nums j equal to 74
declares nums j equal to 62
set nums j equal to 86
sets nums j equal to 0
create global nums k equal to 11
creates global nums k equal to 80
define global nums k equal to 13
defines global nums k equal to 40
declare global nums k equal to 44
declares global nums k equal to 13
set global nums k equal to 68
sets global nums k equal to 98
create local nums k equal to 2
creates local nums k equal to 86
define local nums k equal to 8
defines local nums k equal to 14
declare local nums k equal to 54
declares local nums k equal to 18
set local nums k equal to 83
sets local nums k equal to 87
create nums k equal to 4
creates nums k equal to 91
define nums k equal to 70
defines nums k equal to 49
declare nums k equal to 92
declares nums k equal to 6
set nums k equal to 15
sets nums k equal to 91
create global nums a equal to 74
creates global nums a equal to 73
define global nums a equal to 18
defines global nums a equal to 75
declare global nums a equal to 97
declares global nums a equal to 30
set global nums a equal to 3
sets global nums a equal to 81
create local nums a equal to 66
creates local nums a equal to 5
define local nums a equal to 95
defines local nums a equal to 31
declare local nums a equal to 45
declares local nums a equal to 38
set local nums a equal to 87
sets local nums a equal to 30
create nums a equal to 40
creates nums a equal to 2
define nums a equal to 95
defines nums a equal to 84
declare nums a equal to 84
declares nums a equal to 45
set nums a equal to 22
sets nums a equal to 36
create global nums b equal to 81
creates global nums b equal to 81
define global nums b equal to 47
defines global nums b equal to 72
declare global nums b equal to 7
declares global nums b equal to 31
set global nums b equal to 43
sets global nums b equal to 13
create local nums b equal to 51
creates local nums b equal to 92
define local nums b equal to 4
defines local nums b equal to 29
declare local nums b equal to 46
declares local nums b equal to 48
set local nums b equal to 98
sets local nums b equal to 77
create nums b equal to 53
creates nums b equal to 46
define nums b equal to 14
defines nums b equal to 40
declare nums b equal to 86
declares nums b equal to 75
set nums b equal to 46
sets nums b equal to 33
create global nums c equal to 13
creates global nums c equal to 19
define global nums c equal to 71
defines global nums c equal to 88
declare global nums c equal to 75
declares global nums c equal to 19
set global nums c equal to 49
sets global nums c equal to 57
create local nums c equal to 13
creates local nums c equal to 55
define local nums c equal to 91
defines local nums c equal to 91
declare local nums c equal to 12
declares local nums c equal to 63
set local nums c equal to 53
sets local nums c equal to 21
create nums c equal to 75
creates nums c equal to 26
define nums c equal to 14
defines nums c equal to 51
declare nums c equal to 77
declares nums c equal to 11
set nums c equal to 39
sets nums c equal to 57
create global variable variable0 equal to 42
creates global variable variable0 equal to 77
define global variable variable0 equal to 74
defines global variable variable0 equal to 65
declare global variable variable0 equal to 84
declares global variable variable0 equal to 92
set global variable variable0 equal to 82
sets global variable variable0 equal to 59
create local variable variable0 equal to 72
creates local variable variable0 equal to 35
define local variable variable0 equal to 32
defines local variable variable0 equal to 54
declare local variable variable0 equal to 90
declares local variable variable0 equal to 1
set local variable variable0 equal to 31
sets local variable variable0 equal to 89
create variable variable0 equal to 65
creates variable variable0 equal to 41
define variable variable0 equal to 20
defines variable variable0 equal to 11
declare variable variable0 equal to 34
declares variable variable0 equal to 86
set variable variable0 equal to 39
sets variable variable0 equal to 58
create global variable variable1 equal to 14
creates global variable variable1 equal to 26
define global variable variable1 equal to 25
defines global variable variable1 equal to 50
declare global variable variable1 equal to 98
declares global variable variable1 equal to 69
set global variable variable1 equal to 74
sets global variable variable1 equal to 80
create local variable variable1 equal to 9
creates local variable variable1 equal to 23
define local variable variable1 equal to 6
defines local variable variable1 equal to 98
declare local variable variable1 equal to 19
declares local variable variable1 equal to 53
set local variable variable1 equal to 19
sets local variable variable1 equal to 82
create variable variable1 equal to 68
creates variable variable1 equal to 26
define variable variable1 equal to 100
defines variable variable1 equal to 41
declare variable variable1 equal to 21
declares variable variable1 equal to 24
set variable variable1 equal to 14
sets variable variable1 equal to 88
create global variable variable2 equal to 76
creates global variable variable2 equal to 99
define global variable variable2 equal to 36
defines global variable variable2 equal to 51
declare global variable variable2 equal to 73
declares global variable variable2 equal to 94
set global variable variable2 equal to 57
sets global variable variable2 equal to 76
create local variable variable2 equal to 49
creates local variable variable2 equal to 66
define local variable variable2 equal to 64
defines local variable variable2 equal to 67
declare local variable variable2 equal to 89
declares local variable variable2 equal to 84
set local variable variable2 equal to 82
sets local variable variable2 equal to 92
create variable variable2 equal to 13
creates variable variable2 equal to 60
define variable variable2 equal to 6
defines variable variable2 equal to 37
declare variable variable2 equal to 19
declares variable variable2 equal to 15
set variable variable2 equal to 81
sets variable variable2 equal to 86
create global variable i equal to 9
creates global variable i equal to 55
define global variable i equal to 43
defines global variable i equal to 82
declare global variable i equal to 86
declares global variable i equal to 11
set global variable i equal to 33
sets global variable i equal to 41
create local variable i equal to 15
creates local variable i equal to 51
define local variable i equal to 67
defines local variable i equal to 8
declare local variable i equal to 42
declares local variable i equal to 10
set local variable i equal to 7
sets local variable i equal to 100
create variable i equal to 65
creates variable i equal to 96
define variable i equal to 73
defines variable i equal to 24
declare variable i equal to 41
declares variable i equal to 76
set variable i equal to 21
sets variable i equal to 18
create global variable j equal to 38
creates global variable j equal to 34
define global variable j equal to 29
defines global variable j equal to 34
declare global variable j equal to 52
declares global variable j equal to 35
set global variable j equal to 87
sets global variable j equal to 51
create local variable j equal to 79
creates local variable j equal to 39
define local variable j equal to 39
defines local variable j equal to 45
declare local variable j equal to 27
declares local variable j equal to 20
set local variable j equal to 5
sets local variable j equal to 51
create variable j equal to 45
creates variable j equal to 19
define variable j equal to 95
defines variable j equal to 11
declare variable j equal to 33
declares variable j equal to 76
set variable j equal to 65
sets variable j equal to 75
create global variable k equal to 72
creates global variable k equal to 82
define global variable k equal to 43
defines global variable k equal to 6
declare global variable k equal to 43
declares global variable k equal to 99
set global variable k equal to 97
sets global variable k equal to 99
create local variable k equal to 47
creates local variable k equal to 60
define local variable k equal to 100
defines local variable k equal to 12
declare local variable k equal to 44
declares local variable k equal to 40
set local variable k equal to 80
sets local variable k equal to 70
create variable k equal to 47
creates variable k equal to 50
define variable k equal to 41
defines variable k equal to 82
declare variable k equal to 41
declares variable k equal to 30
set variable k equal to 38
sets variable k equal to 96
create global variable a equal to 96
creates global variable a equal to 61
define global variable a equal to 17
defines global variable a equal to 29
declare global variable a equal to 18
declares global variable a equal to 66
set global variable a equal to 32
sets global variable a equal to 21
create local variable a equal to 65
creates local variable a equal to 26
define local variable a equal to 6
defines local variable a equal to 9
declare local variable a equal to 23
declares local variable a equal to 32
set local variable a equal to 20
sets local variable a equal to 26
create variable a equal to 38
creates variable a equal to 43
define variable a equal to 95
defines variable a equal to 41
declare variable a equal to 76
declares variable a equal to 82
set variable a equal to 1
sets variable a equal to 3
create global variable b equal to 41
creates global variable b equal to 60
define global variable b equal to 87
defines global variable b equal to 98
declare global variable b equal to 36
declares global variable b equal to 67
set global variable b equal to 71
sets global variable b equal to 59
create local variable b equal to 88
creates local variable b equal to 7
define local variable b equal to 79
defines local variable b equal to 48
declare local variable b equal to 4
declares local variable b equal to 25
set local variable b equal to 98
sets local variable b equal to 75
create variable b equal to 89
creates variable b equal to 29
define variable b equal to 31
defines variable b equal to 81
declare variable b equal to 2
declares variable b equal to 7
set variable b equal to 79
sets variable b equal to 27
create global variable c equal to 16
creates global variable c equal to 97
define global variable c equal to 79
defines global variable c equal to 21
declare global variable c equal to 38
declares global variable c equal to 87
set global variable c equal to 17
sets global variable c equal to 100
create local variable c equal to 90
creates local variable c equal to 18
define local variable c equal to 97
defines local variable c equal to 42
declare local variable c equal to 57
declares local variable c equal to 9
set local variable c equal to 96
sets local variable c equal to 32
create variable c equal to 42
creates variable c equal to 55
define variable c equal to 84
defines variable c equal to 58
declare variable c equal to 51
declares variable c equal to 65
set variable c equal to 15
sets variable c equal to 15
create global variables variables0 equal to 46
creates global variables variables0 equal to 4
define global variables variables0 equal to 20
defines global variables variables0 equal to 100
declare global variables variables0 equal to 73
declares global variables variables0 equal to 28
set global variables variables0 equal to 94
sets global variables variables0 equal to 46
create local variables variables0 equal to 9
creates local variables variables0 equal to 45
define local variables variables0 equal to 54
defines local variables variables0 equal to 8
declare local variables variables0 equal to 96
declares local variables variables0 equal to 62
set local variables variables0 equal to 85
sets local variables variables0 equal to 77
create variables variables0 equal to 25
creates variables variables0 equal to 28
define variables variables0 equal to 49
defines variables variables0 equal to 72
declare variables variables0 equal to 21
declares variables variables0 equal to 64
set variables variables0 equal to 71
sets variables variables0 equal to 22
create global variables variables1 equal to 83
creates global variables variables1 equal to 68
define global variables variables1 equal to 96
defines global variables variables1 equal to 68
declare global variables variables1 equal to 13
declares global variables variables1 equal to 86
set global variables variables1 equal to 17
sets global variables variables1 equal to 76
create local variables variables1 equal to 30
creates local variables variables1 equal to 77
define local variables variables1 equal to 6
defines local variables variables1 equal to 56
declare local variables variables1 equal to 0
declares local variables variables1 equal to 43
set local variables variables1 equal to 46
sets local variables variables1 equal to 76
create variables variables1 equal to 41
creates variables variables1 equal to 36
define variables variables1 equal to 39
defines variables variables1 equal to 26
declare variables variables1 equal to 75
declares variables variables1 equal to 93
set variables variables1 equal to 40
sets variables variables1 equal to 1
create global variables variables2 equal to 25
creates global variables variables2 equal to 20
define global variables variables2 equal to 6
defines global variables variables2 equal to 71
declare global variables variables2 equal to 42
declares global variables variables2 equal to 14
set global variables variables2 equal to 87
sets global variables variables2 equal to 85
create local variables variables2 equal to 64
creates local variables variables2 equal to 69
define local variables variables2 equal to 98
defines local variables variables2 equal to 98
declare local variables variables2 equal to 20
declares local variables variables2 equal to 66
set local variables variables2 equal to 93
sets local variables variables2 equal to 100
create variables variables2 equal to 45
creates variables variables2 equal to 27
define variables variables2 equal to 23
defines variables variables2 equal to 0
declare variables variables2 equal to 39
declares variables variables2 equal to 43
set variables variables2 equal to 63
sets variables variables2 equal to 53
create global variables i equal to 7
creates global variables i equal to 58
define global variables i equal to 30
defines global variables i equal to 21
declare global variables i equal to 2
declares global variables i equal to 87
set global variables i equal to 1
sets global variables i equal to 52
create local variables i equal to 69
creates local variables i equal to 23
define local variables i equal to 89
defines local variables i equal to 67
declare local variables i equal to 50
declares local variables i equal to 47
set local variables i equal to 84
sets local variables i equal to 60
create variables i equal to 52
creates variables i equal to 33
define variables i equal to 29
defines variables i equal to 49
declare variables i equal to 48
declares variables i equal to 79
set variables i equal to 66
sets variables i equal to 81
create global variables j equal to 0
creates global variables j equal to 72
define global variables j equal to 99
defines global variables j equal to 43
declare global variables j equal to 58
declares global variables j equal to 66
set global variables j equal to 44
sets global variables j equal to 52
create local variables j equal to 52
creates local variables j equal to 22
define local variables j equal to 96
defines local variables j equal to 52
declare local variables j equal to 1
declares local variables j equal to 10
set local variables j equal to 7
sets local variables j equal to 84
create variables j equal to 17
creates variables j equal to 93
define variables j equal to 59
defines variables j equal to 2
declare variables j equal to 54
declares variables j equal to 36
set variables j equal to 100
sets variables j equal to 58
create global variables k equal to 36
creates global variables k equal to 87
define global variables k equal to 68
defines global variables k equal to 3
declare global variables k equal to 68
declares global variables k equal to 91
set global variables k equal to 42
sets global variables k equal to 73
create local variables k equal to 44
creates local variables k equal to 7
define local variables k equal to 3
defines local variables k equal to 99
declare local variables k equal to 82
declares local variables k equal to 48
set local variables k equal to 29
sets local variables k equal to 18
create variables k equal to 43
creates variables k equal to 8
define variables k equal to 62
defines variables k equal to 80
declare variables k equal to 26
declares variables k equal to 63
set variables k equal to 20
sets variables k equal to 73
create global variables a equal to 68
creates global variables a equal to 47
define global variables a equal to 71
defines global variables a equal to 13
declare global variables a equal to 10
declares global variables a equal to 47
set global variables a equal to 98
sets global variables a equal to 48
create local variables a equal to 57
creates local variables a equal to 48
define local variables a equal to 80
defines local variables a equal to 68
declare local variables a equal to 64
declares local variables a equal to 74
set local variables a equal to 85
sets local variables a equal to 39
create variables a equal to 87
creates variables a equal to 39
define variables a equal to 66
defines variables a equal to 87
declare variables a equal to 72
declares variables a equal to 85
set variables a equal to 73
sets variables a equal to 30
create global variables b equal to 72
creates global variables b equal to 92
define global variables b equal to 27
defines global variables b equal to 96
declare global variables b equal to 92
declares global variables b equal to 10
set global variables b equal to 72
sets global variables b equal to 15
create local variables b equal to 56
creates local variables b equal to 8
define local variables b equal to 26
defines local variables b equal to 95
declare local variables b equal to 40
declares local variables b equal to 45
set local variables b equal to 52
sets local variables b equal to 47
create variables b equal to 16
creates variables b equal to 18
define variables b equal to 52
defines variables b equal to 65
declare variables b equal to 89
declares variables b equal to 38
set variables b equal to 94
sets variables b equal to 75
create global variables c equal to 90
creates global variables c equal to 10
define global variables c equal to 64
defines global variables c equal to 27
declare global variables c equal to 62
declares global variables c equal to 45
set global variables c equal to 35
sets global variables c equal to 82
create local variables c equal to 75
creates local variables c equal to 63
define local variables c equal to 56
defines local variables c equal to 75
declare local variables c equal to 79
declares local variables c equal to 5
set local variables c equal to 46
sets local variables c equal to 76
create variables c equal to 85
creates variables c equal to 49
define variables c equal to 38
defines variables c equal to 74
declare variables c equal to 70
declares variables c equal to 68
set variables c equal to 96
sets variables c equal to 29
create global var var0 equal to 6
creates global var var0 equal to 0
define global var var0 equal to 21
defines global var var0 equal to 3
declare global var var0 equal to 60
declares global var var0 equal to 66
set global var var0 equal to 86
sets global var var0 equal to 69
create local var var0 equal to 26
creates local var var0 equal to 29
define local var var0 equal to 49
defines local var var0 equal to 85
declare local var var0 equal to 91
declares local var var0 equal to 50
set local var var0 equal to 5
sets local var var0 equal to 87
create var var0 equal to 67
creates var var0 equal to 69
define var var0 equal to 41
defines var var0 equal to 92
declare var var0 equal to 85
declares var var0 equal to 70
set var var0 equal to 17
sets var var0 equal to 45
create global var var1 equal to 49
creates global var var1 equal to 31
define global var var1 equal to 82
defines global var var1 equal to 53
declare global var var1 equal to 50
declares global var var1 equal to 39
set global var var1 equal to 30
sets global var var1 equal to 34
create local var var1 equal to 64
creates local var var1 equal to 71
define local var var1 equal to 92
defines local var var1 equal to 61
declare local var var1 equal to 6
declares local var var1 equal to 9
set local var var1 equal to 97
sets local var var1 equal to 63
create var var1 equal to 6
creates var var1 equal to 4
define var var1 equal to 88
defines var var1 equal to 71
declare var var1 equal to 66
declares var var1 equal to 76
set var var1 equal to 13
sets var var1 equal to 62
create global var var2 equal to 64
creates global var var2 equal to 48
define global var var2 equal to 67
defines global var var2 equal to 15
declare global var var2 equal to 40
declares global var var2 equal to 7
set global var var2 equal to 47
sets global var var2 equal to 32
create local var var2 equal to 92
creates local var var2 equal to 75
define local var var2 equal to 23
defines local var var2 equal to 66
declare local var var2 equal to 68
declares local var var2 equal to 75
set local var var2 equal to 90
sets local var var2 equal to 8
create var var2 equal to 75
creates var var2 equal to 12
define var var2 equal to 15
defines var var2 equal to 96
declare var var2 equal to 10
declares var var2 equal to 9
set var var2 equal to 41
sets var var2 equal to 69
create global var i equal to 2
creates global var i equal to 85
define global var i equal to 64
defines global var i equal to 88
declare global var i equal to 89
declares global var i equal to 64
set global var i equal to 32
sets global var i equal to 61
create local var i equal to 90
creates local var i equal to 68
define local var i equal to 77
defines local var i equal to 30
declare local var i equal to 62
declares local var i equal to 80
set local var i equal to 2
sets local var i equal to 35
create var i equal to 29
creates var i equal to 51
define var i equal to 24
defines var i equal to 81
declare var i equal to 13
declares var i equal to 2
set var i equal to 74
sets var i equal to 49
create global var j equal to 36
creates global var j equal to 65
define global var j equal to 81
defines global var j equal to 15
declare global var j equal to 12
declares global var j equal to 37
set global var j equal to 89
sets global var j equal to 62
create local var j equal to 65
creates local var j equal to 63
define local var j equal to 53
defines local var j equal to 37
declare local var j equal to 70
declares local var j equal to 69
set local var j equal to 18
sets local var j equal to 30
create var j equal to 94
creates var j equal to 87
define var j equal to 22
defines var j equal to 61
declare var j equal to 72
declares var j equal to 88
set var j equal to 100
sets var j equal to 78
create global var k equal to 95
creates global var k equal to 6
define global var k equal to 47
defines global var k equal to 11
declare global var k equal to 23
declares global var k equal to 7
set global var k equal to 100
sets global var k equal to 70
create local var k equal to 96
creates local var k equal to 66
define local var k equal to 93
defines local var k equal to 100
declare local var k equal to 24
declares local var k equal to 74
set local var k equal to 47
sets local var k equal to 11
create var k equal to 98
creates var k equal to 73
define var k equal to 85
defines var k equal to 89
declare var k equal to 89
declares var k equal to 0
set var k equal to 96
sets var k equal to 83
create global var a equal to 51
creates global var a equal to 83
define global var a equal to 95
defines global var a equal to 15
declare global var a equal to 53
declares global var a equal to 91
set global var a equal to 71
sets global var a equal to 57
create local var a equal to 23
creates local var a equal to 98
define local var a equal to 14
defines local var a equal to 97
declare local var a equal to 77
declares local var a equal to 1
set local var a equal to 1
sets local var a equal to 73
create var a equal to 12
creates var a equal to 14
define var a equal to 34
defines var a equal to 72
declare var a equal to 64
declares var a equal to 46
set var a equal to 45
sets var a equal to 71
create global var b equal to 20
creates global var b equal to 11
define global var b equal to 2
defines global var b equal to 21
declare global var b equal to 95
declares global var b equal to 20
set global var b equal to 33
sets global var b equal to 69
create local var b equal to 97
creates local var b equal to 82
define local var b equal to 7
defines local var b equal to 51
declare local var b equal to 21
declares local var b equal to 78
set local var b equal to 35
sets local var b equal to 20
create var b equal to 62
creates var b equal to 30
define var b equal to 61
defines var b equal to 28
declare var b equal to 20
declares var b equal to 18
set var b equal to 34
sets var b equal to 81
create global var c equal to 12
creates global var c equal to 15
define global var c equal to 62
defines global var c equal to 61
declare global var c equal to 19
declares global var c equal to 80
set global var c equal to 12
sets global var c equal to 22
create local var c equal to 21
creates local var c equal to 96
define local var c equal to 75
defines local var c equal to 17
declare local var c equal to 51
declares local var c equal to 16
set local var c equal to 87
sets local var c equal to 69
create var c equal to 61
creates var c equal to 12
define var c equal to 81
defines var c equal to 12
declare var c equal to 70
declares var c equal to 3
set var c equal to 95
sets var c equal to 85
create global vars vars0 equal to 25
creates global vars vars0 equal to 85
define global vars vars0 equal to 52
defines global vars vars0 equal to 24
declare global vars vars0 equal to 59
declares global vars vars0 equal to 73
set global vars vars0 equal to 25
sets global vars vars0 equal to 22
create local vars vars0 equal to 45
creates local vars vars0 equal to 3
define local vars vars0 equal to 52
defines local vars vars0 equal to 76
declare local vars vars0 equal to 57
declares local vars vars0 equal to 49
set local vars vars0 equal to 81
sets local vars vars0 equal to 59
create vars vars0 equal to 11
creates vars vars0 equal to 15
define vars vars0 equal to 55
defines vars vars0 equal to 45
declare vars vars0 equal to 26
declares vars vars0 equal to 15
set vars vars0 equal to 63
sets vars vars0 equal to 78
create global vars vars1 equal to 91
creates global vars vars1 equal to 65
define global vars vars1 equal to 87
defines global vars vars1 equal to 98
declare global vars vars1 equal to 97
declares global vars vars1 equal to 53
set global vars vars1 equal to 84
sets global vars vars1 equal to 10
create local vars vars1 equal to 44
creates local vars vars1 equal to 10
define local vars vars1 equal to 97
defines local vars vars1 equal to 69
declare local vars vars1 equal to 21
declares local vars vars1 equal to 40
set local vars vars1 equal to 95
sets local vars vars1 equal to 47
create vars vars1 equal to 37
creates vars vars1 equal to 45
define vars vars1 equal to 35
defines vars vars1 equal to 34
declare vars vars1 equal to 45
declares vars vars1 equal to 76
set vars vars1 equal to 47
sets vars vars1 equal to 67
create global vars vars2 equal to 68
creates global vars vars2 equal to 86
define global vars vars2 equal to 81
defines global vars vars2 equal to 73
declare global vars vars2 equal to 33
declares global vars vars2 equal to 84
set global vars vars2 equal to 40
sets global vars vars2 equal to 32
create local vars vars2 equal to 9
creates local vars vars2 equal to 68
define local vars vars2 equal to 7
defines local vars vars2 equal to 44
declare local vars vars2 equal to 96
declares local vars vars2 equal to 77
set local vars vars2 equal to 67
sets local vars vars2 equal to 54
create vars vars2 equal to 77
creates vars vars2 equal to 70
define vars vars2 equal to 40
defines vars vars2 equal to 74
declare vars vars2 equal to 31
declares vars vars2 equal to 71
set vars vars2 equal to 66
sets vars vars2 equal to 50
create global vars i equal to 98
creates global vars i equal to 89
define global vars i equal to 68
defines global vars i equal to 59
declare global vars i equal to 66
declares global vars i equal to 33
set global vars i equal to 89
sets global vars i equal to 38
create local vars i equal to 60
creates local vars i equal to 8
define local vars i equal to 13
defines local vars i equal to 64
declare local vars i equal to 9
declares local vars i equal to 43
set local vars i equal to 84
sets local vars i equal to 31
create vars i equal to 100
creates vars i equal to 100
define vars i equal to 13
defines vars i equal to 89
declare vars i equal to 99
declares vars i equal to 59
set vars i equal to 11
sets vars i equal to 96
create global vars j equal to 74
creates global vars j equal to 73
define global vars j equal to 69
defines global vars j equal to 96
declare global vars j equal to 9
declares global vars j equal to 51
set global vars j equal to 13
sets global vars j equal to 75
create local vars j equal to 68
creates local vars j equal to 50
define local vars j equal to 58
defines local vars j equal to 28
declare local vars j equal to 51
declares local vars j equal to 68
set local vars j equal to 91
sets local vars j equal to 9
create vars j equal to 55
creates vars j equal to 23
define vars j equal to 36
defines vars j equal to 69
declare vars j equal to 1
declares vars j equal to 68
set vars j equal to 66
sets vars j equal to 48
create global vars k equal to 17
creates global vars k equal to 62
define global vars k equal to 28
defines global vars k equal to 24
declare global vars k equal to 49
declares global vars k equal to 97
set global vars k equal to 91
sets global vars k equal to 15
create local vars k equal to 78
creates local vars k equal to 79
define local vars k equal to 97
defines local vars k equal to 32
declare local vars k equal to 35
declares local vars k equal to 95
set local vars k equal to 7
sets local vars k equal to 100
create vars k equal to 24
creates vars k equal to 23
define vars k equal to 26
defines vars k equal to 3
declare vars k equal to 42
declares vars k equal to 22
set vars k equal to 92
sets vars k equal to 27
create global vars a equal to 80
creates global vars a equal to 35
define global vars a equal to 73
defines global vars a equal to 38
declare global vars a equal to 84
declares global vars a equal to 48
set global vars a equal to 68
sets global vars a equal to 67
create local vars a equal to 79
creates local vars a equal to 49
define local vars a equal to 82
defines local vars a equal to 4
declare local vars a equal to 24
declares local vars a equal to 26
set local vars a equal to 55
sets local vars a equal to 1
create vars a equal to 95
creates vars a equal to 78
define vars a equal to 68
defines vars a equal to 36
declare vars a equal to 96
declares vars a equal to 33
set vars a equal to 93
sets vars a equal to 24
create global vars b equal to 51
creates global vars b equal to 59
define global vars b equal to 35
defines global vars b equal to 98
declare global vars b equal to 74
declares global vars b equal to 7
set global vars b equal to 15
sets global vars b equal to 43
create local vars b equal to 10
creates local vars b equal to 57
define local vars b equal to 97
defines local vars b equal to 34
declare local vars b equal to 74
declares local vars b equal to 13
set local vars b equal to 59
sets local vars b equal to 44
create vars b equal to 98
creates vars b equal to 70
define vars b equal to 12
defines vars b equal to 82
declare vars b equal to 51
declares vars b equal to 98
set vars b equal to 79
sets vars b equal to 64
create global vars c equal to 29
creates global vars c equal to 31
define global vars c equal to 39
defines global vars c equal to 68
declare global vars c equal to 20
declares global vars c equal to 89
set global vars c equal to 35
sets global vars c equal to 89
create local vars c equal to 40
creates local vars c equal to 13
define local vars c equal to 29
defines local vars c equal to 54
declare local vars c equal to 49
declares local vars c equal to 93
set local vars c equal to 30
sets local vars c equal to 36
create vars c equal to 86
creates vars c equal to 70
define vars c equal to 57
defines vars c equal to 17
declare vars c equal to 29
declares vars c equal to 39
set vars c equal to 2
sets vars c equal to 6
create global double double0 equal to 50
creates global double double0 equal to 57
define global double double0 equal to 30
defines global double double0 equal to 27
declare global double double0 equal to 89
declares global double double0 equal to 55
set global double double0 equal to 39
sets global double double0 equal to 10
create local double double0 equal to 69
creates local double double0 equal to 83
define local double double0 equal to 75
defines local double double0 equal to 34
declare local double double0 equal to 79
declares local double double0 equal to 86
set local double double0 equal to 56
sets local double double0 equal to 2
create double double0 equal to 18
creates double double0 equal to 63
define double double0 equal to 21
defines double double0 equal to 69
declare double double0 equal to 53
declares double double0 equal to 29
set double double0 equal to 67
sets double double0 equal to 53
create global double double1 equal to 81
creates global double double1 equal to 22
define global double double1 equal to 68
defines global double double1 equal to 47
declare global double double1 equal to 4
declares global double double1 equal to 61
set global double double1 equal to 65
sets global double double1 equal to 29
create local double double1 equal to 74
creates local double double1 equal to 22
define local double double1 equal to 54
defines local double double1 equal to 56
declare local double double1 equal to 42
declares local double double1 equal to 85
set local double double1 equal to 22
sets local double double1 equal to 0
create double double1 equal to 93
creates double double1 equal to 64
define double double1 equal to 55
defines double double1 equal to 45
declare double double1 equal to 80
declares double double1 equal to 51
set double double1 equal to 81
sets double double1 equal to 79
create global double double2 equal to 72
creates global double double2 equal to 45
define global double double2 equal to 39
defines global double double2 equal to 83
declare global double double2 equal to 94
declares global double double2 equal to 20
set global double double2 equal to 19
sets global double double2 equal to 45
create local double double2 equal to 57
creates local double double2 equal to 73
define local double double2 equal to 32
defines local double double2 equal to 63
declare local double double2 equal to 87
declares local double double2 equal to 20
set local double double2 equal to 99
sets local double double2 equal to 49
create double double2 equal to 41
creates double double2 equal to 51
define double double2 equal to 28
defines double double2 equal to 11
declare double double2 equal to 24
declares double double2 equal to 0
set double double2 equal to 34
sets double double2 equal to 19
create global double i equal to 24
creates global double i equal to 86
define global double i equal to 80
defines global double i equal to 48
declare global double i equal to 76
declares global double i equal to 65
set global double i equal to 24
sets global double i equal to 26
create local double i equal to 0
creates local double i equal to 38
define local double i equal to 90
defines local double i equal to 63
declare local double i equal to 54
declares local double i equal to 70
set local double i equal to 25
sets local double i equal to 30
create double i equal to 72
creates double i equal to 33
define double i equal to 18
defines double i equal to 92
declare double i equal to 29
declares double i equal to 10
set double i equal to 64
sets double i equal to 4
create global double j equal to 73
creates global double j equal to 92
define global double j equal to 43
defines global double j equal to 6
declare global double j equal to 65
declares global double j equal to 32
set global double j equal to 83
sets global double j equal to 82
create local double j equal to 27
creates local double j equal to 89
define local double j equal to 49
defines local double j equal to 47
declare local double j equal to 74
declares local double j equal to 44
set local double j equal to 21
sets local double j equal to 73
create double j equal to 26
creates double j equal to 33
define double j equal to 82
defines double j equal to 37
declare double j equal to 82
declares double j equal to 50
set double j equal to 55
sets double j equal to 60
create global double k equal to 74
creates global double k equal to 58
define global double k equal to 45
defines global double k equal to 2
declare global double k equal to 98
declares global double k equal to 46
set global double k equal to 90
sets global double k equal to 67
create local double k equal to 93
creates local double k equal to 100
define local double k equal to 53
defines local double k equal to 24
declare local double k equal to 44
declares local double k equal to 56
set local double k equal to 34
sets local double k equal to 15
create double k equal to 49
creates double k equal to 47
define double k equal to 72
defines double k equal to 81
declare double k equal to 56
declares double k equal to 26
set double k equal to 43
sets double k equal to 37
create global double a equal to 57
creates global double a equal to 48
define global double a equal to 96
defines global double a equal to 89
declare global double a equal to 15
declares global double a equal to 37
set global double a equal to 88
sets global double a equal to 27
create local double a equal to 58
creates local double a equal to 21
define local double a equal to 9
defines local double a equal to 25
declare local double a equal to 67
declares local double a equal to 63
set local double a equal to 100
sets local double a equal to 82
create double a equal to 78
creates double a equal to 46
define double a equal to 16
defines double a equal to 33
declare double a equal to 2
declares double a equal to 51
set double a equal to 32
sets double a equal to 20
create global double b equal to 88
creates global double b equal to 45
define global double b equal to 3
defines global double b equal to 86
declare global double b equal to 93
declares global double b equal to 50
set global double b equal to 47
sets global double b equal to 25
create local double b equal to 20
creates local double b equal to 78
define local double b equal to 35
defines local double b equal to 42
declare local double b equal to 10
declares local double b equal to 67
set local double b equal to 91
sets local double b equal to 34
create double b equal to 62
creates double b equal to 7
define double b equal to 6
defines double b equal to 89
declare double b equal to 4
declares double b equal to 1
set double b equal to 28
sets double b equal to 76
create global double c equal to 12
creates global double c equal to 96
define global double c equal to 16
defines global double c equal to 6
declare global double c equal to 49
declares global double c equal to 90
set global double c equal to 15
sets global double c equal to 47
create local double c equal to 79
creates local double c equal to 97
define local double c equal to 23
defines local double c equal to 62
declare local double c equal to 0
declares local double c equal to 65
set local double c equal to 85
sets local double c equal to 19
create double c equal to 14
creates double c equal to 93
define double c equal to 83
defines double c equal to 87
declare double c equal to 70
declares double c equal to 70
set double c equal to 69
sets double c equal to 5
create global doubles doubles0 equal to 67
creates global doubles doubles0 equal to 22
define global doubles doubles0 equal to 49
defines global doubles doubles0 equal to 84
declare global doubles doubles0 equal to 8
declares global doubles doubles0 equal to 56
set global doubles doubles0 equal to 48
sets global doubles doubles0 equal to 31
create local doubles doubles0 equal to 14
creates local doubles doubles0 equal to 24
define local doubles doubles0 equal to 22
defines local doubles doubles0 equal to 70
declare local doubles doubles0 equal to 60
declares local doubles doubles0 equal to 97
set local doubles doubles0 equal to 82
sets local doubles doubles0 equal to 34
create doubles doubles0 equal to 50
creates doubles doubles0 equal to 78
define doubles doubles0 equal to 48
defines doubles doubles0 equal to 88
declare doubles doubles0 equal to 76
declares doubles doubles0 equal to 64
set doubles doubles0 equal to 11
sets doubles doubles0 equal to 0
create global doubles doubles1 equal to 20
creates global doubles doubles1 equal to 21
define global doubles doubles1 equal to 82
defines global doubles doubles1 equal to 100
declare global doubles doubles1 equal to 47
declares global doubles doubles1 equal to 9
set global doubles doubles1 equal to 33
sets global doubles doubles1 equal to 42
create local doubles doubles1 equal to 23
creates local doubles doubles1 equal to 75
define local doubles doubles1 equal to 68
defines local doubles doubles1 equal to 62
declare local doubles doubles1 equal to 14
declares local doubles doubles1 equal to 25
set local doubles doubles1 equal to 100
sets local doubles doubles1 equal to 43
create doubles doubles1 equal to 11
creates doubles doubles1 equal to 35
define doubles doubles1 equal to 37
defines doubles doubles1 equal to 16
declare doubles doubles1 equal to 94
declares doubles doubles1 equal to 12
set doubles doubles1 equal to 24
sets doubles doubles1 equal to 52
create global doubles doubles2 equal to 66
creates global doubles doubles2 equal to 49
define global doubles doubles2 equal to 25
defines global doubles doubles2 equal to 55
declare global doubles doubles2 equal to 78
declares global doubles doubles2 equal to 38
set global doubles doubles2 equal to 71
sets global doubles doubles2 equal to 19
create local doubles doubles2 equal to 75
creates local doubles doubles2 equal to 82
define local doubles doubles2 equal to 97
defines local doubles doubles2 equal to 13
declare local doubles doubles2 equal to 40
declares local doubles doubles2 equal to 81
set local doubles doubles2 equal to 15
sets local doubles doubles2 equal to 52
create doubles doubles2 equal to 94
creates doubles doubles2 equal to 46
define doubles doubles2 equal to 42
defines doubles doubles2 equal to 46
declare doubles doubles2 equal to 23
declares doubles doubles2 equal to 45
set doubles doubles2 equal to 46
sets doubles doubles2 equal to 66
create global doubles i equal to 42
creates global doubles i equal to 79
define global doubles i equal to 53
defines global doubles i equal to 79
declare global doubles i equal to 93
declares global doubles i equal to 12
set global doubles i equal to 38
sets global doubles i equal to 26
create local doubles i equal to 90
creates local doubles i equal to 26
define local doubles i equal to 97
defines local doubles i equal to 13
declare local doubles i equal to 62
declares local doubles i equal to 61
set local doubles i equal to 93
sets local doubles i equal to 25
create doubles i equal to 1
creates doubles i equal to 0
define doubles i equal to 14
defines doubles i equal to 98
declare doubles i equal to 23
declares doubles i equal to 67
set doubles i equal to 77
sets doubles i equal to 36
create global doubles j equal to 62
creates global doubles j equal to 74
define global doubles j equal to 9
defines global doubles j equal to 56
declare global doubles j equal to 90
declares global doubles j equal to 78
set global doubles j equal to 82
sets global doubles j equal to 26
create local doubles j equal to 7
creates local doubles j equal to 96
define local doubles j equal to 12
defines local doubles j equal to 99
declare local doubles j equal to 23
declares local doubles j equal to 29
set local doubles j equal to 50
sets local doubles j equal to 71
create doubles j equal to 2
creates doubles j equal to 26
define doubles j equal to 41
defines doubles j equal to 53
declare doubles j equal to 91
declares doubles j equal to 69
set doubles j equal to 56
sets doubles j equal to 4
create global doubles k equal to 32
creates global doubles k equal to 50
define global doubles k equal to 55
defines global doubles k equal to 44
declare global doubles k equal to 50
declares global doubles k equal to 58
set global doubles k equal to 30
sets global doubles k equal to 39
create local doubles k equal to 31
creates local doubles k equal to 3
define local doubles k equal to 51
defines local doubles k equal to 55
declare local doubles k equal to 21
declares local doubles k equal to 59
set local doubles k equal to 50
sets local doubles k equal to 87
create doubles k equal to 45
creates doubles k equal to 96
define doubles k equal to 9
defines doubles k equal to 26
declare doubles k equal to 54
declares doubles k equal to 99
set doubles k equal to 66
sets doubles k equal to 13
create global doubles a equal to 72
creates global doubles a equal to 96
define global doubles a equal to 84
defines global doubles a equal to 80
declare global doubles a equal to 32
declares global doubles a equal to 6
set global doubles a equal to 38
sets global doubles a equal to 61
create local doubles a equal to 98
creates local doubles a equal to 34
define local doubles a equal to 36
defines local doubles a equal to 52
declare local doubles a equal to 3
declares local doubles a equal to 8
set local doubles a equal to 98
sets local doubles a equal to 70
create doubles a equal to 89
creates doubles a equal to 18
define doubles a equal to 75
defines doubles a equal to 6
declare doubles a equal to 72
declares doubles a equal to 44
set doubles a equal to 36
sets doubles a equal to 56
create global doubles b equal to 4
creates global doubles b equal to 88
define global doubles b equal to 98
defines global doubles b equal to 83
declare global doubles b equal to 53
declares global doubles b equal to 49
set global doubles b equal to 44
sets global doubles b equal to 30
create local doubles b equal to 68
creates local doubles b equal to 24
define local doubles b equal to 18
defines local doubles b equal to 44
declare local doubles b equal to 29
declares local doubles b equal to 6
set local doubles b equal to 45
sets local doubles b equal to 8
create doubles b equal to 58
creates doubles b equal to 75
define doubles b equal to 2
defines doubles b equal to 90
declare doubles b equal to 72
declares doubles b equal to 10
set doubles b equal to 2
sets doubles b equal to 19
create global doubles c equal to 8
creates global doubles c equal to 36
define global doubles c equal to 63
defines global doubles c equal to 67
declare global doubles c equal to 77
declares global doubles c equal to 81
set global doubles c equal to 45
sets global doubles c equal to 72
create local doubles c equal to 4
creates local doubles c equal to 77
define local doubles c equal to 55
defines local doubles c equal to 25
declare local doubles c equal to 23
declares local doubles c equal to 15
set local doubles c equal to 20
sets local doubles c equal to 22
create doubles c equal to 100
creates doubles c equal to 80
define doubles c equal to 89
defines doubles c equal to 98
declare doubles c equal to 37
declares doubles c equal to 74
set doubles c equal to 6
sets doubles c equal to 17
create global character character0 equal to 32
creates global character character0 equal to 21
define global character character0 equal to 83
defines global character character0 equal to 8
declare global character character0 equal to 4
declares global character character0 equal to 64
set global character character0 equal to 77
sets global character character0 equal to 90
create local character character0 equal to 6
creates local character character0 equal to 23
define local character character0 equal to 20
defines local character character0 equal to 47
declare local character character0 equal to 24
declares local character character0 equal to 92
set local character character0 equal to 42
sets local character character0 equal to 63
create character character0 equal to 17
creates character character0 equal to 15
define character character0 equal to 22
defines character character0 equal to 97
declare character character0 equal to 100
declares character character0 equal to 29
set character character0 equal to 31
sets character character0 equal to 54
create global character character1 equal to 63
creates global character character1 equal to 75
define global character character1 equal to 36
defines global character character1 equal to 65
declare global character character1 equal to 35
declares global character character1 equal to 3
set global character character1 equal to 48
sets global character character1 equal to 75
create local character character1 equal to 27
creates local character character1 equal to 58
define local character character1 equal to 0
defines local character character1 equal to 46
declare local character character1 equal to 77
declares local character character1 equal to 30
set local character character1 equal to 34
sets local character character1 equal to 38
create character character1 equal to 27
creates character character1 equal to 22
define character character1 equal to 99
defines character character1 equal to 15
declare character character1 equal to 52
declares character character1 equal to 80
set character character1 equal to 19
sets character character1 equal to 42
create global character character2 equal to 82
creates global character character2 equal to 44
define global character character2 equal to 85
defines global character character2 equal to 23
declare global character character2 equal to 15
declares global character character2 equal to 55
set global character character2 equal to 21
sets global character character2 equal to 10
create local character character2 equal to 67
creates local character character2 equal to 23
define local character character2 equal to 29
defines local character character2 equal to 58
declare local character character2 equal to 71
declares local character character2 equal to 49
set local character character2 equal to 14
sets local character character2 equal to 15
create character character2 equal to 14
creates character character2 equal to 47
define character character2 equal to 58
defines character character2 equal to 15
declare character character2 equal to 43
declares character character2 equal to 22
set character character2 equal to 64
sets character character2 equal to 87
create global character i equal to 95
creates global character i equal to 21
define global character i equal to 73
defines global character i equal to 94
declare global character i equal to 4
declares global character i equal to 23
set global character i equal to 78
sets global character i equal to 90
create local character i equal to 31
creates local character i equal to 38
define local character i equal to 2
defines local character i equal to 19
declare local character i equal to 4
declares local character i equal to 3
set local character i equal to 19
sets local character i equal to 39
create character i equal to 51
creates character i equal to 76
define character i equal to 41
defines character i equal to 32
declare character i equal to 34
declares character i equal to 11
set character i equal to 9
sets character i equal to 40
create global character j equal to 36
creates global character j equal to 20
define global character j equal to 53
defines global character j equal to 76
declare global character j equal to 32
declares global character j equal to 28
set global character j equal to 27
sets global character j equal to 46
create local character j equal to 96
creates local character j equal to 14
define local character j equal to 86
defines local character j equal to 96
declare local character j equal to 1
declares local character j equal to 52
set local character j equal to 83
sets local character j equal to 4
create character j equal to 6
creates character j equal to 70
define character j equal to 76
defines character j equal to 80
declare character j equal to 74
declares character j equal to 98
set character j equal to 54
sets character j equal to 20
create global character k equal to 10
creates global character k equal to 2
define global character k equal to 17
defines global character k equal to 98
declare global character k equal to 18
declares global character k equal to 39
set global character k equal to 37
sets global character k equal to 55
create local character k equal to 69
creates local character k equal to 21
define local character k equal to 51
defines local character k equal to 20
declare local character k equal to 79
declares local character k equal to 21
set local character k equal to 91
sets local character k equal to 92
create character k equal to 20
creates character k equal to 42
define character k equal to 78
defines character k equal to 97
declare character k equal to 63
declares character k equal to 79
set character k equal to 73
sets character k equal to 83
create global character a equal to 92
creates global character a equal to 92
define global character a equal to 1
defines global character a equal to 75
declare global character a equal to 27
declares global character a equal to 23
set global character a equal to 63
sets global character a equal to 84
create local character a equal to 89
creates local character a equal to 84
define local character a equal to 90
defines local character a equal to 55
declare local character a equal to 50
declares local character a equal to 89
set local character a equal to 92
sets local character a equal to 12
create character a equal to 6
creates character a equal to 11
define character a equal to 13
defines character a equal to 79
declare character a equal to 88
declares character a equal to 27
set character a equal to 53
sets character a equal to 78
create global character b equal to 61
creates global character b equal to 83
define global character b equal to 67
defines global character b equal to 42
declare global character b equal to 17
declares global character b equal to 98
set global character b equal to 52
sets global character b equal to 93
create local character b equal to 57
creates local character b equal to 100
define local character b equal to 6
defines local character b equal to 29
declare local character b equal to 9
declares local character b equal to 32
set local character b equal to 53
sets local character b equal to 93
create character b equal to 53
creates character b equal to 78
define character b equal to 61
defines character b equal to 36
declare character b equal to 23
declares character b equal to 78
set character b equal to 45
sets character b equal to 95
create global character c equal to 99
creates global character c equal to 74
define global character c equal to 29
defines global character c equal to 70
declare global character c equal to 16
declares global character c equal to 53
set global character c equal to 18
sets global character c equal to 38
create local character c equal to 39
creates local character c equal to 57
define local character c equal to 46
defines local character c equal to 36
declare local character c equal to 96
declares local character c equal to 46
set local character c equal to 6
sets local character c equal to 2
create character c equal to 13
creates character c equal to 61
define character c equal to 30
defines character c equal to 13
declare character c equal to 26
declares character c equal to 88
set character c equal to 63
sets character c equal to 6
create global characters characters0 equal to 38
creates global characters characters0 equal to 70
define global characters characters0 equal to 22
defines global characters characters0 equal to 75
declare global characters characters0 equal to 0
declares global characters characters0 equal to 96
set global characters characters0 equal to 27
sets global characters characters0 equal to 80
create local characters characters0 equal to 97
creates local characters characters0 equal to 56
define local characters characters0 equal to 30
defines local characters characters0 equal to 76
declare local characters characters0 equal to 33
declares local characters characters0 equal to 84
set local characters characters0 equal to 79
sets local characters characters0 equal to 15
create characters characters0 equal to 68
creates characters characters0 equal to 16
define characters characters0 equal to 29
defines characters characters0 equal to 38
declare characters characters0 equal to 84
declares characters characters0 equal to 35
set characters characters0 equal to 19
sets characters characters0 equal to 48
create global characters characters1 equal to 37
creates global characters characters1 equal to 73
define global characters characters1 equal to 58
defines global characters characters1 equal to 34
declare global characters characters1 equal to 85
declares global characters characters1 equal to 63
set global characters characters1 equal to 34
sets global characters characters1 equal to 82
create local characters characters1 equal to 52
creates local characters characters1 equal to 39
define local characters characters1 equal to 44
defines local characters characters1 equal to 28
declare local characters characters1 equal to 94
declares local characters characters1 equal to 78
set local characters characters1 equal to 1
sets local characters characters1 equal to 72
create characters characters1 equal to 62
creates characters characters1 equal to 14
define characters characters1 equal to 62
defines characters characters1 equal to 58
declare characters characters1 equal to 75
declares characters characters1 equal to 4
set characters characters1 equal to 19
sets characters characters1 equal to 92
create global characters characters2 equal to 41
creates global characters characters2 equal to 89
define global characters characters2 equal to 86
defines global characters characters2 equal to 25
declare global characters characters2 equal to 37
declares global characters characters2 equal to 26
set global characters characters2 equal to 89
sets global characters characters2 equal to 31
create local characters characters2 equal to 80
creates local characters characters2 equal to 69
define local characters characters2 equal to 3
defines local characters characters2 equal to 95
declare local characters characters2 equal to 41
declares local characters characters2 equal to 61
set local characters characters2 equal to 6
sets local characters characters2 equal to 55
create characters characters2 equal to 14
creates characters characters2 equal to 94
define characters characters2 equal to 58
defines characters characters2 equal to 27
declare characters characters2 equal to 85
declares characters characters2 equal to 93
set characters characters2 equal to 1
sets characters characters2 equal to 89
create global characters i equal to 38
creates global characters i equal to 56
define global characters i equal to 14
defines global characters i equal to 42
declare global characters i equal to 30
declares global characters i equal to 29
set global characters i equal to 46
sets global characters i equal to 98
create local characters i equal to 30
creates local characters i equal to 99
define local characters i equal to 9
defines local characters i equal to 23
declare local characters i equal to 65
declares local characters i equal to 38
set local characters i equal to 91
sets local characters i equal to 14
create characters i equal to 55
creates characters i equal to 8
define characters i equal to 28
defines characters i equal to 30
declare characters i equal to 100
declares characters i equal to 98
set characters i equal to 59
sets characters i equal to 48
create global characters j equal to 3
creates global characters j equal to 59
define global characters j equal to 20
defines global characters j equal to 91
declare global characters j equal to 16
declares global characters j equal to 38
set global characters j equal to 5
sets global characters j equal to 15
create local characters j equal to 4
creates local characters j equal to 96
define local characters j equal to 89
defines local characters j equal to 42
declare local characters j equal to 97
declares local characters j equal to 18
set local characters j equal to 79
sets local characters j equal to 13
create characters j equal to 34
creates characters j equal to 85
define characters j equal to 72
defines characters j equal to 71
declare characters j equal to 2
declares characters j equal to 59
set characters j equal to 31
sets characters j equal to 94
create global characters k equal to 76
creates global characters k equal to 58
define global characters k equal to 60
defines global characters k equal to 73
declare global characters k equal to 91
declares global characters k equal to 59
set global characters k equal to 54
sets global characters k equal to 60
create local characters k equal to 61
creates local characters k equal to 25
define local characters k equal to 34
defines local characters k equal to 78
declare local characters k equal to 96
declares local characters k equal to 59
set local characters k equal to 5
sets local characters k equal to 53
create characters k equal to 7
creates characters k equal to 75
define characters k equal to 93
defines characters k equal to 3
declare characters k equal to 22
declares characters k equal to 81
set characters k equal to 58
sets characters k equal to 62
create global characters a equal to 33
creates global characters a equal to 2
define global characters a equal to 2
defines global characters a equal to 37
declare global characters a equal to 90
declares global characters a equal to 59
set global characters a equal to 24
sets global characters a equal to 38
create local characters a equal to 30
creates local characters a equal to 54
define local characters a equal to 43
defines local characters a equal to 21
declare local characters a equal to 67
declares local characters a equal to 89
set local characters a equal to 51
sets local characters a equal to 51
create characters a equal to 33
creates characters a equal to 47
define characters a equal to 9
defines characters a equal to 87
declare characters a equal to 68
declares characters a equal to 27
set characters a equal to 98
sets characters a equal to 63
create global characters b equal to 57
creates global characters b equal to 86
define global characters b equal to 86
defines global characters b equal to 63
declare global characters b equal to 70
declares global characters b equal to 19
set global characters b equal to 79
sets global characters b equal to 78
create local characters b equal to 79
creates local characters b equal to 61
define local characters b equal to 53
defines local characters b equal to 93
declare local characters b equal to 4
declares local characters b equal to 99
set local characters b equal to 38
sets local characters b equal to 9
create characters b equal to 21
creates characters b equal to 77
define characters b equal to 41
defines characters b equal to 75
declare characters b equal to 37
declares characters b equal to 45
set characters b equal to 56
sets characters b equal to 89
create global characters c equal to 18
creates global characters c equal to 73
define global characters c equal to 20
defines global characters c equal to 88
declare global characters c equal to 68
declares global characters c equal to 13
set global characters c equal to 15
sets global characters c equal to 19
create local characters c equal to 93
creates local characters c equal to 22
define local characters c equal to 59
defines local characters c equal to 93
declare local characters c equal to 84
declares local characters c equal to 22
set local characters c equal to 72
sets local characters c equal to 23
create characters c equal to 64
creates characters c equal to 100
define characters c equal to 46
defines characters c equal to 68
declare characters c equal to 66
declares characters c equal to 24
set characters c equal to 41
sets characters c equal to 26
create global char char0 equal to 67
creates global char char0 equal to 7
define global char char0 equal to 73
defines global char char0 equal to 64
declare global char char0 equal to 40
declares global char char0 equal to 84
set global char char0 equal to 61
sets global char char0 equal to 89
create local char char0 equal to 43
creates local char char0 equal to 74
define local char char0 equal to 46
defines local char char0 equal to 31
declare local char char0 equal to 2
declares local char char0 equal to 79
set local char char0 equal to 0
sets local char char0 equal to 18
create char char0 equal to 18
creates char char0 equal to 85
define char char0 equal to 15
defines char char0 equal to 38
declare char char0 equal to 6
declares char char0 equal to 60
set char char0 equal to 96
sets char char0 equal to 63
create global char char1 equal to 73
creates global char char1 equal to 49
define global char char1 equal to 35
defines global char char1 equal to 24
declare global char char1 equal to 25
declares global char char1 equal to 69
set global char char1 equal to 34
sets global char char1 equal to 100
create local char char1 equal to 85
creates local char char1 equal to 61
define local char char1 equal to 98
defines local char char1 equal to 83
declare local char char1 equal to 98
declares local char char1 equal to 12
set local char char1 equal to 35
sets local char char1 equal to 46
create char char1 equal to 9
creates char char1 equal to 4
define char char1 equal to 85
defines char char1 equal to 74
declare char char1 equal to 27
declares char char1 equal to 82
set char char1 equal to 25
sets char char1 equal to 44
create global char char2 equal to 55
creates global char char2 equal to 59
define global char char2 equal to 68
defines global char char2 equal to 16
declare global char char2 equal to 48
declares global char char2 equal to 42
set global char char2 equal to 67
sets global char char2 equal to 94
create local char char2 equal to 80
creates local char char2 equal to 58
define local char char2 equal to 80
defines local char char2 equal to 99
declare local char char2 equal to 30
declares local char char2 equal to 98
set local char char2 equal to 2
sets local char char2 equal to 93
create char char2 equal to 91
creates char char2 equal to 76
define char char2 equal to 19
defines char char2 equal to 40
declare char char2 equal to 27
declares char char2 equal to 0
set char char2 equal to 13
sets char char2 equal to 31
create global char i equal to 41
creates global char i equal to 76
define global char i equal to 66
defines global char i equal to 91
declare global char i equal to 21
declares global char i equal to 29
set global char i equal to 20
sets global char i equal to 83
create local char i equal to 37
creates local char i equal to 47
define local char i equal to 49
defines local char i equal to 81
declare local char i equal to 45
declares local char i equal to 30
set local char i equal to 3
sets local char i equal to 89
create char i equal to 23
creates char i equal to 44
define char i equal to 34
defines char i equal to 3
declare char i equal to 96
declares char i equal to 49
set char i equal to 20
sets char i equal to 76
create global char j equal to 72
creates global char j equal to 80
define global char j equal to 61
defines global char j equal to 57
declare global char j equal to 37
declares global char j equal to 51
set global char j equal to 7
sets global char j equal to 54
create local char j equal to 40
creates local char j equal to 63
define local char j equal to 78
defines local char j equal to 65
declare local char j equal to 25
declares local char j equal to 38
set local char j equal to 39
sets local char j equal to 58
create char j equal to 2
creates char j equal to 4
define char j equal to 69
defines char j equal to 40
declare char j equal to 9
declares char j equal to 82
set char j equal to 10
sets char j equal to 38
create global char k equal to 79
creates global char k equal to 16
define global char k equal to 88
defines global char k equal to 61
declare global char k equal to 80
declares global char k equal to 59
set global char k equal to 73
sets global char k equal to 49
create local char k equal to 78
creates local char k equal to 2
define local char k equal to 77
defines local char k equal to 66
declare local char k equal to 51
declares local char k equal to 71
set local char k equal to 92
sets local char k equal to 71
create char k equal to 50
creates char k equal to 55
define char k equal to 87
defines char k equal to 85
declare char k equal to 5
declares char k equal to 33
set char k equal to 44
sets char k equal to 99
create global char a equal to 28
creates global char a equal to 21
define global char a equal to 13
defines global char a equal to 95
declare global char a equal to 67
declares global char a equal to 36
set global char a equal to 34
sets global char a equal to 97
create local char a equal to 97
creates local char a equal to 80
define local char a equal to 33
defines local char a equal to 26
declare local char a equal to 41
declares local char a equal to 43
set local char a equal to 4
sets local char a equal to 25
create char a equal to 18
creates char a equal to 7
define char a equal to 87
defines char a equal to 59
declare char a equal to 8
declares char a equal to 32
set char a equal to 90
sets char a equal to 28
create global char b equal to 15
creates global char b equal to 82
define global char b equal to 65
defines global char b equal to 7
declare global char b equal to 100
declares global char b equal to 35
set global char b equal to 48
sets global char b equal to 17
create local char b equal to 19
creates local char b equal to 15
define local char b equal to 98
defines local char b equal to 73
declare local char b equal to 66
declares local char b equal to 65
set local char b equal to 52
sets local char b equal to 51
create char b equal to 54
creates char b equal to 35
define char b equal to 100
defines char b equal to 56
declare char b equal to 40
declares char b equal to 77
set char b equal to 89
sets char b equal to 4
create global char c equal to 84
creates global char c equal to 76
define global char c equal to 35
defines global char c equal to 16
declare global char c equal to 35
declares global char c equal to 13
set global char c equal to 48
sets global char c equal to 57
create local char c equal to 11
creates local char c equal to 39
define local char c equal to 56
defines local char c equal to 78
declare local char c equal to 94
declares local char c equal to 95
set local char c equal to 16
sets local char c equal to 66
create char c equal to 77
creates char c equal to 25
define char c equal to 45
defines char c equal to 1
declare char c equal to 20
declares char c equal to 1
set char c equal to 30
sets char c equal to 94
create global chars chars0 equal to 9
creates global chars chars0 equal to 11
define global chars chars0 equal to 5
defines global chars chars0 equal to 27
declare global chars chars0 equal to 90
declares global chars chars0 equal to 59
set global chars chars0 equal to 71
sets global chars chars0 equal to 48
create local chars chars0 equal to 27
creates local chars chars0 equal to 75
define local chars chars0 equal to 13
defines local chars chars0 equal to 72
declare local chars chars0 equal to 74
declares local chars chars0 equal to 43
set local chars chars0 equal to 41
sets local chars chars0 equal to 92
create chars chars0 equal to 24
creates chars chars0 equal to 79
define chars chars0 equal to 92
defines chars chars0 equal to 64
declare chars chars0 equal to 10
declares chars chars0 equal to 1
set chars chars0 equal to 64
sets chars chars0 equal to 92
create global chars chars1 equal to 58
creates global chars chars1 equal to 96
define global chars chars1 equal to 48
defines global chars chars1 equal to 38
declare global chars chars1 equal to 16
declares global chars chars1 equal to 68
set global chars chars1 equal to 3
sets global chars chars1 equal to 64
create local chars chars1 equal to 88
creates local chars chars1 equal to 66
define local chars chars1 equal to 26
defines local chars chars1 equal to 11
declare local chars chars1 equal to 63
declares local chars chars1 equal to 21
set local chars chars1 equal to 91
sets local chars chars1 equal to 71
create chars chars1 equal to 21
creates chars chars1 equal to 81
define chars chars1 equal to 40
defines chars chars1 equal to 18
declare chars chars1 equal to 18
declares chars chars1 equal to 49
set chars chars1 equal to 12
sets chars chars1 equal to 13
create global chars chars2 equal to 34
creates global chars chars2 equal to 54
define global chars chars2 equal to 70
defines global chars chars2 equal to 43
declare global chars chars2 equal to 66
declares global chars chars2 equal to 27
set global chars chars2 equal to 36
sets global chars chars2 equal to 34
create local chars chars2 equal to 84
creates local chars chars2 equal to 16
define local chars chars2 equal to 45
defines local chars chars2 equal to 44
declare local chars chars2 equal to 72
declares local chars chars2 equal to 44
set local chars chars2 equal to 83
sets local chars chars2 equal to 30
create chars chars2 equal to 30
creates chars chars2 equal to 50
define chars chars2 equal to 79
defines chars chars2 equal to 19
declare chars chars2 equal to 46
declares chars chars2 equal to 41
set chars chars2 equal to 10
sets chars chars2 equal to 7
create global chars i equal to 96
creates global chars i equal to 35
define global chars i equal to 80
defines global chars i equal to 6
declare global chars i equal to 56
declares global chars i equal to 34
set global chars i equal to 8
sets global chars i equal to 51
create local chars i equal to 26
creates local chars i equal to 60
define local chars i equal to 34
defines local chars i equal to 30
declare local chars i equal to 23
declares local chars i equal to 100
set local chars i equal to 45
sets local chars i equal to 41
create chars i equal to 63
creates chars i equal to 39
define chars i equal to 43
defines chars i equal to 66
declare chars i equal to 63
declares chars i equal to 9
set chars i equal to 97
sets chars i equal to 90
create global chars j equal to 65
creates global chars j equal to 18
define global chars j equal to 15
defines global chars j equal to 35
declare global chars j equal to 77
declares global chars j equal to 87
set global chars j equal to 73
sets global chars j equal to 59
create local chars j equal to 47
creates local chars j equal to 3
define local chars j equal to 44
defines local chars j equal to 37
declare local chars j equal to 4
declares local chars j equal to 100
set local chars j equal to 68
sets local chars j equal to 93
create chars j equal to 89
creates chars j equal to 24
define chars j equal to 67
defines chars j equal to 67
declare chars j equal to 87
declares chars j equal to 36
set chars j equal to 80
sets chars j equal to 86
create global chars k equal to 48
creates global chars k equal to 96
define global chars k equal to 69
defines global chars k equal to 21
declare global chars k equal to 15
declares global chars k equal to 98
set global chars k equal to 65
sets global chars k equal to 49
create local chars k equal to 35
creates local chars k equal to 100
define local chars k equal to 71
defines local chars k equal to 42
declare local chars k equal to 90
declares local chars k equal to 21
set local chars k equal to 85
sets local chars k equal to 64
create chars k equal to 67
creates chars k equal to 57
define chars k equal to 91
defines chars k equal to 68
declare chars k equal to 34
declares chars k equal to 10
set chars k equal to 76
sets chars k equal to 13
create global chars a equal to 82
creates global chars a equal to 96
define global chars a equal to 11
defines global chars a equal to 39
declare global chars a equal to 83
declares global chars a equal to 72
set global chars a equal to 58
sets global chars a equal to 65
create local chars a equal to 95
creates local chars a equal to 7
define local chars a equal to 7
defines local chars a equal to 40
declare local chars a equal to 37
declares local chars a equal to 69
set local chars a equal to 85
sets local chars a equal to 60
create chars a equal to 36
creates chars a equal to 92
define chars a equal to 95
defines chars a equal to 32
declare chars a equal to 32
declares chars a equal to 21
set chars a equal to 86
sets chars a equal to 27
create global chars b equal to 76
creates global chars b equal to 64
define global chars b equal to 68
defines global chars b equal to 90
declare global chars b equal to 35
declares global chars b equal to 73
set global chars b equal to 81
sets global chars b equal to 58
create local chars b equal to 9
creates local chars b equal to 83
define local chars b equal to 96
defines local chars b equal to 8
declare local chars b equal to 20
declares local chars b equal to 66
set local chars b equal to 85
sets local chars b equal to 0
create chars b equal to 37
creates chars b equal to 35
define chars b equal to 1
defines chars b equal to 65
declare chars b equal to 72
declares chars b equal to 66
set chars b equal to 99
sets chars b equal to 34
create global chars c equal to 89
creates global chars c equal to 57
define global chars c equal to 81
defines global chars c equal to 23
declare global chars c equal to 33
declares global chars c equal to 41
set global chars c equal to 76
sets global chars c equal to 38
create local chars c equal to 25
creates local chars c equal to 12
define local chars c equal to 15
defines local chars c equal to 18
declare local chars c equal to 10
declares local chars c equal to 6
set local chars c equal to 47
sets local chars c equal to 29
create chars c equal to 67
creates chars c equal to 22
define chars c equal to 44
defines chars c equal to 52
declare chars c equal to 67
declares chars c equal to 20
set chars c equal to 40
sets chars c equal to 6
create global string string0 equal to 15
creates global string string0 equal to 31
define global string string0 equal to 30
defines global string string0 equal to 19
declare global string string0 equal to 96
declares global string string0 equal to 32
set global string string0 equal to 100
sets global string string0 equal to 84
create local string string0 equal to 2
creates local string string0 equal to 76
define local string string0 equal to 11
defines local string string0 equal to 79
declare local string string0 equal to 67
declares local string string0 equal to 8
set local string string0 equal to 76
sets local string string0 equal to 0
create string string0 equal to 35
creates string string0 equal to 35
define string string0 equal to 41
defines string string0 equal to 52
declare string string0 equal to 2
declares string string0 equal to 44
set string string0 equal to 57
sets string string0 equal to 69
create global string string1 equal to 75
creates global string string1 equal to 44
define global string string1 equal to 73
defines global string string1 equal to 89
declare global string string1 equal to 95
declares global string string1 equal to 79
set global string string1 equal to 7
sets global string string1 equal to 59
create local string string1 equal to 50
creates local string string1 equal to 58
define local string string1 equal to 6
defines local string string1 equal to 10
declare local string string1 equal to 19
declares local string string1 equal to 41
set local string string1 equal to 73
sets local string string1 equal to 7
create string string1 equal to 33
creates string string1 equal to 49
define string string1 equal to 71
defines string string1 equal to 38
declare string string1 equal to 72
declares string string1 equal to 37
set string string1 equal to 33
sets string string1 equal to 54
create global string string2 equal to 69
creates global string string2 equal to 4
define global string string2 equal to 59
defines global string string2 equal to 60
declare global string string2 equal to 35
declares global string string2 equal to 65
set global string string2 equal to 80
sets global string string2 equal to 72
create local string string2 equal to 63
creates local string string2 equal to 55
define local string string2 equal to 65
defines local string string2 equal to 85
declare local string string2 equal to 84
declares local string string2 equal to 63
set local string string2 equal to 88
sets local string string2 equal to 88
create string string2 equal to 7
creates string string2 equal to 8
define string string2 equal to 2
defines string string2 equal to 53
declare string string2 equal to 44
declares string string2 equal to 84
set string string2 equal to 19
sets string string2 equal to 71
create global string i equal to 62
creates global string i equal to 11
define global string i equal to 36
defines global string i equal to 14
declare global string i equal to 69
declares global string i equal to 45
set global string i equal to 88
sets global string i equal to 93
create local string i equal to 29
creates local string i equal to 37
define local string i equal to 6
defines local string i equal to 19
declare local string i equal to 46
declares local string i equal to 65
set local string i equal to 11
sets local string i equal to 63
create string i equal to 94
creates string i equal to 53
define string i equal to 98
defines string i equal to 50
declare string i equal to 81
declares string i equal to 6
set string i equal to 82
sets string i equal to 97
create global string j equal to 98
creates global string j equal to 79
define global string j equal to 77
defines global string j equal to 71
declare global string j equal to 35
declares global string j equal to 81
set global string j equal to 10
sets global string j equal to 50
create local string j equal to 67
creates local string j equal to 6
define local string j equal to 0
defines local string j equal to 0
declare local string j equal to 41
declares local string j equal to 16
set local string j equal to 92
sets local string j equal to 23
create string j equal to 0
creates string j equal to 10
define string j equal to 44
defines string j equal to 54
declare string j equal to 94
declares string j equal to 99
set string j equal to 59
sets string j equal to 81
create global string k equal to 39
creates global string k equal to 26
define global string k equal to 62
defines global string k equal to 31
declare global string k equal to 74
declares global string k equal to 10
set global string k equal to 28
sets global string k equal to 34
create local string k equal to 0
creates local string k equal to 43
define local string k equal to 28
defines local string k equal to 37
declare local string k equal to 67
declares local string k equal to 72
set local string k equal to 98
sets local string k equal to 88
create string k equal to 7
creates string k equal to 70
define string k equal to 59
defines string k equal to 65
declare string k equal to 87
declares string k equal to 4
set string k equal to 64
sets string k equal to 95
create global string a equal to 16
creates global string a equal to 63
define global string a equal to 76
defines global string a equal to 88
declare global string a equal to 84
declares global string a equal to 84
set global string a equal to 17
sets global string a equal to 8
create local string a equal to 43
creates local string a equal to 3
define local string a equal to 19
defines local string a equal to 55
declare local string a equal to 55
declares local string a equal to 32
set local string a equal to 85
sets local string a equal to 21
create string a equal to 29
creates string a equal to 88
define string a equal to 39
defines string a equal to 12
declare string a equal to 52
declares string a equal to 64
set string a equal to 80
sets string a equal to 3
create global string b equal to 50
creates global string b equal to 69
define global string b equal to 92
defines global string b equal to 49
declare global string b equal to 12
declares global string b equal to 50
set global string b equal to 19
sets global string b equal to 22
create local string b equal to 85
creates local string b equal to 32
define local string b equal to 25
defines local string b equal to 15
declare local string b equal to 59
declares local string b equal to 4
set local string b equal to 63
sets local string b equal to 17
create string b equal to 28
creates string b equal to 18
define string b equal to 87
defines string b equal to 66
declare string b equal to 38
declares string b equal to 44
set string b equal to 2
sets string b equal to 15
create global string c equal to 89
creates global string c equal to 81
define global string c equal to 66
defines global string c equal to 16
declare global string c equal to 41
declares global string c equal to 76
set global string c equal to 52
sets global string c equal to 24
create local string c equal to 66
creates local string c equal to 31
define local string c equal to 11
defines local string c equal to 3
declare local string c equal to 39
declares local string c equal to 23
set local string c equal to 29
sets local string c equal to 11
create string c equal to 28
creates string c equal to 56
define string c equal to 1
defines string c equal to 17
declare string c equal to 98
declares string c equal to 85
set string c equal to 99
sets string c equal to 59
create global strings strings0 equal to 35
creates global strings strings0 equal to 34
define global strings strings0 equal to 82
defines global strings strings0 equal to 20
declare global strings strings0 equal to 87
declares global strings strings0 equal to 98
set global strings strings0 equal to 25
sets global strings strings0 equal to 45
create local strings strings0 equal to 23
creates local strings strings0 equal to 22
define local strings strings0 equal to 80
defines local strings strings0 equal to 23
declare local strings strings0 equal to 10
declares local strings strings0 equal to 93
set local strings strings0 equal to 79
sets local strings strings0 equal to 32
create strings strings0 equal to 29
creates strings strings0 equal to 49
define strings strings0 equal to 50
defines strings strings0 equal to 4
declare strings strings0 equal to 22
declares strings strings0 equal to 1
set strings strings0 equal to 48
sets strings strings0 equal to 52
create global strings strings1 equal to 53
creates global strings strings1 equal to 30
define global strings strings1 equal to 69
defines global strings strings1 equal to 35
declare global strings strings1 equal to 80
declares global strings strings1 equal to 57
set global strings strings1 equal to 44
sets global strings strings1 equal to 68
create local strings strings1 equal to 24
creates local strings strings1 equal to 17
define local strings strings1 equal to 96
defines local strings strings1 equal to 4
declare local strings strings1 equal to 87
declares local strings strings1 equal to 13
set local strings strings1 equal to 45
sets local strings strings1 equal to 75
create strings strings1 equal to 14
creates strings strings1 equal to 19
define strings strings1 equal to 98
defines strings strings1 equal to 65
declare strings strings1 equal to 62
declares strings strings1 equal to 48
set strings strings1 equal to 83
sets strings strings1 equal to 59
create global strings strings2 equal to 93
creates global strings strings2 equal to 11
define global strings strings2 equal to 66
defines global strings strings2 equal to 94
declare global strings strings2 equal to 44
declares global strings strings2 equal to 50
set global strings strings2 equal to 19
sets global strings strings2 equal to 59
create local strings strings2 equal to 18
creates local strings strings2 equal to 45
define local strings strings2 equal to 77
defines local strings strings2 equal to 10
declare local strings strings2 equal to 51
declares local strings strings2 equal to 4
set local strings strings2 equal to 64
sets local strings strings2 equal to 98
create strings strings2 equal to 30
creates strings strings2 equal to 26
define strings strings2 equal to 33
defines strings strings2 equal to 67
declare strings strings2 equal to 31
declares strings strings2 equal to 86
set strings strings2 equal to 7
sets strings strings2 equal to 54
create global strings i equal to 97
creates global strings i equal to 23
define global strings i equal to 27
defines global strings i equal to 45
declare global strings i equal to 44
declares global strings i equal to 90
set global strings i equal to 67
sets global strings i equal to 7
create local strings i equal to 46
creates local strings i equal to 90
define local strings i equal to 71
defines local strings i equal to 46
declare local strings i equal to 67
declares local strings i equal to 19
set local strings i equal to 33
sets local strings i equal to 92
create strings i equal to 83
creates strings i equal to 13
define strings i equal to 68
defines strings i equal to 32
declare strings i equal to 89
declares strings i equal to 73
set strings i equal to 60
sets strings i equal to 58
create global strings j equal to 76
creates global strings j equal to 84
define global strings j equal to 19
defines global strings j equal to 23
declare global strings j equal to 45
declares global strings j equal to 1
set global strings j equal to 67
sets global strings j equal to 29
create local strings j equal to 88
creates local strings j equal to 65
define local strings j equal to 36
defines local strings j equal to 35
declare local strings j equal to 78
declares local strings j equal to 3
set local strings j equal to 5
sets local strings j equal to 92
create strings j equal to 31
creates strings j equal to 100
define strings j equal to 97
defines strings j equal to 30
declare strings j equal to 67
declares strings j equal to 0
set strings j equal to 73
sets strings j equal to 80
create global strings k equal to 71
creates global strings k equal to 74
define global strings k equal to 75
defines global strings k equal to 38
declare global strings k equal to 50
declares global strings k equal to 2
set global strings k equal to 39
sets global strings k equal to 6
create local strings k equal to 75
creates local strings k equal to 16
define local strings k equal to 14
defines local strings k equal to 64
declare local strings k equal to 73
declares local strings k equal to 21
set local strings k equal to 10
sets local strings k equal to 77
create strings k equal to 75
creates strings k equal to 14
define strings k equal to 27
defines strings k equal to 9
declare strings k equal to 50
declares strings k equal to 32
set strings k equal to 85
sets strings k equal to 36
create global strings a equal to 8
creates global strings a equal to 69
define global strings a equal to 63
defines global strings a equal to 86
declare global strings a equal to 19
declares global strings a equal to 75
set global strings a equal to 21
sets global strings a equal to 43
create local strings a equal to 23
creates local strings a equal to 46
define local strings a equal to 20
defines local strings a equal to 23
declare local strings a equal to 12
declares local strings a equal to 25
set local strings a equal to 71
sets local strings a equal to 68
create strings a equal to 25
creates strings a equal to 49
define strings a equal to 34
defines strings a equal to 89
declare strings a equal to 70
declares strings a equal to 66
set strings a equal to 97
sets strings a equal to 37
create global strings b equal to 68
creates global strings b equal to 67
define global strings b equal to 39
defines global strings b equal to 39
declare global strings b equal to 33
declares global strings b equal to 6
set global strings b equal to 33
sets global strings b equal to 13
create local strings b equal to 70
creates local strings b equal to 12
define local strings b equal to 31
defines local strings b equal to 100
declare local strings b equal to 51
declares local strings b equal to 23
set local strings b equal to 71
sets local strings b equal to 82
create strings b equal to 14
creates strings b equal to 3
define strings b equal to 15
defines strings b equal to 30
declare strings b equal to 79
declares strings b equal to 87
set strings b equal to 36
sets strings b equal to 19
create global strings c equal to 96
creates global strings c equal to 57
define global strings c equal to 80
defines global strings c equal to 30
declare global strings c equal to 65
declares global strings c equal to 7
set global strings c equal to 75
sets global strings c equal to 100
create local strings c equal to 94
creates local strings c equal to 40
define local strings c equal to 91
defines local strings c equal to 34
declare local strings c equal to 49
declares local strings c equal to 79
set local strings c equal to 82
sets local strings c equal to 47
create strings c equal to 1
creates strings c equal to 72
define strings c equal to 76
defines strings c equal to 65
declare strings c equal to 4
declares strings c equal to 78
set strings c equal to 24
sets strings c equal to 75
create global str str0 equal to 96
creates global str str0 equal to 57
define global str str0 equal to 50
defines global str str0 equal to 52
declare global str str0 equal to 64
declares global str str0 equal to 57
set global str str0 equal to 28
sets global str str0 equal to 88
create local str str0 equal to 24
creates local str str0 equal to 100
define local str str0 equal to 49
defines local str str0 equal to 85
declare local str str0 equal to 58
declares local str str0 equal to 60
set local str str0 equal to 87
sets local str str0 equal to 45
create str str0 equal to 71
creates str str0 equal to 1
define str str0 equal to 55
defines str str0 equal to 59
declare str str0 equal to 70
declares str str0 equal to 76
set str str0 equal to 41
sets str str0 equal to 41
create global str str1 equal to 30
creates global str str1 equal to 87
define global str str1 equal to 15
defines global str str1 equal to 73
declare global str str1 equal to 7
declares global str str1 equal to 45
set global str str1 equal to 78
sets global str str1 equal to 87
create local str str1 equal to 86
creates local str str1 equal to 56
define local str str1 equal to 80
defines local str str1 equal to 7
declare local str str1 equal to 29
declares local str str1 equal to 7
set local str str1 equal to 48
sets local str str1 equal to 76
create str str1 equal to 93
creates str str1 equal to 35
define str str1 equal to 22
defines str str1 equal to 25
declare str str1 equal to 54
declares str str1 equal to 42
set str str1 equal to 73
sets str str1 equal to 90
create global str str2 equal to 83
creates global str str2 equal to 9
define global str str2 equal to 17
defines global str str2 equal to 19
declare global str str2 equal to 33
declares global str str2 equal to 23
set global str str2 equal to 63
sets global str str2 equal to 24
create local str str2 equal to 41
creates local str str2 equal to 92
define local str str2 equal to 17
defines local str str2 equal to 79
declare local str str2 equal to 63
declares local str str2 equal to 21
set local str str2 equal to 30
sets local str str2 equal to 41
create str str2 equal to 7
creates str str2 equal to 44
define str str2 equal to 92
defines str str2 equal to 5
declare str str2 equal to 35
declares str str2 equal to 67
set str str2 equal to 30
sets str str2 equal to 80
create global str i equal to 27
creates global str i equal to 92
define global str i equal to 39
defines global str i equal to 98
declare global str i equal to 14
declares global str i equal to 68
set global str i equal to 90
sets global str i equal to 43
create local str i equal to 81
creates local str i equal to 89
define local str i equal to 70
defines local str i equal to 58
declare local str i equal to 9
declares local str i equal to 0
set local str i equal to 67
sets local str i equal to 0
create str i equal to 16
creates str i equal to 73
define str i equal to 60
defines str i equal to 0
declare str i equal to 70
declares str i equal to 6
set str i equal to 40
sets str i equal to 9
create global str j equal to 82
creates global str j equal to 59
define global str j equal to 39
defines global str j equal to 73
declare global str j equal to 63
declares global str j equal to 51
set global str j equal to 53
sets global str j equal to 0
create local str j equal to 86
creates local str j equal to 95
define local str j equal to 52
defines local str j equal to 78
declare local str j equal to 8
declares local str j equal to 98
set local str j equal to 79
sets local str j equal to 42
create str j equal to 28
creates str j equal to 11
define str j equal to 3
defines str j equal to 9
declare str j equal to 32
declares str j equal to 9
set str j equal to 36
sets str j equal to 26
create global str k equal to 90
creates global str k equal to 9
define global str k equal to 17
defines global str k equal to 44
declare global str k equal to 51
declares global str k equal to 75
set global str k equal to 43
sets global str k equal to 55
create local str k equal to 93
creates local str k equal to 54
define local str k equal to 32
defines local str k equal to 12
declare local str k equal to 43
declares local str k equal to 80
set local str k equal to 96
sets local str k equal to 46
create str k equal to 76
creates str k equal to 56
define str k equal to 35
defines str k equal to 23
declare str k equal to 80
declares str k equal to 87
set str k equal to 94
sets str k equal to 84
create global str a equal to 68
creates global str a equal to 36
define global str a equal to 72
defines global str a equal to 61
declare global str a equal to 62
declares global str a equal to 100
set global str a equal to 36
sets global str a equal to 38
create local str a equal to 61
creates local str a equal to 65
define local str a equal to 66
defines local str a equal to 61
declare local str a equal to 42
declares local str a equal to 55
set local str a equal to 50
sets local str a equal to 3
create str a equal to 32
creates str a equal to 40
define str a equal to 83
defines str a equal to 48
declare str a equal to 97
declares str a equal to 84
set str a equal to 48
sets str a equal to 56
create global str b equal to 87
creates global str b equal to 11
define global str b equal to 41
defines global str b equal to 51
declare global str b equal to 96
declares global str b equal to 89
set global str b equal to 35
sets global str b equal to 70
create local str b equal to 86
creates local str b equal to 16
define local str b equal to 16
defines local str b equal to 70
declare local str b equal to 51
declares local str b equal to 67
set local str b equal to 71
sets local str b equal to 12
create str b equal to 90
creates str b equal to 85
define str b equal to 60
defines str b equal to 46
declare str b equal to 72
declares str b equal to 17
set str b equal to 13
sets str b equal to 100
create global str c equal to 68
creates global str c equal to 86
define global str c equal to 49
defines global str c equal to 41
declare global str c equal to 76
declares global str c equal to 88
set global str c equal to 44
sets global str c equal to 9
create local str c equal to 9
creates local str c equal to 7
define local str c equal to 55
defines local str c equal to 27
declare local str c equal to 60
declares local str c equal to 17
set local str c equal to 98
sets local str c equal to 75
create str c equal to 65
creates str c equal to 68
define str c equal to 84
defines str c equal to 62
declare str c equal to 59
declares str c equal to 86
set str c equal to 76
sets str c equal to 22
create global strs strs0 equal to 58
creates global strs strs0 equal to 61
define global strs strs0 equal to 90
defines global strs strs0 equal to 24
declare global strs strs0 equal to 60
declares global strs strs0 equal to 71
set global strs strs0 equal to 44
sets global strs strs0 equal to 88
create local strs strs0 equal to 4
creates local strs strs0 equal to 49
define local strs strs0 equal to 40
defines local strs strs0 equal to 93
declare local strs strs0 equal to 20
declares local strs strs0 equal to 48
set local strs strs0 equal to 99
sets local strs strs0 equal to 97
create strs strs0 equal to 3
creates strs strs0 equal to 50
define strs strs0 equal to 37
defines strs strs0 equal to 50
declare strs strs0 equal to 45
declares strs strs0 equal to 42
set strs strs0 equal to 83
sets strs strs0 equal to 39
create global strs strs1 equal to 92
creates global strs strs1 equal to 81
define global strs strs1 equal to 7
defines global strs strs1 equal to 56
declare global strs strs1 equal to 2
declares global strs strs1 equal to 71
set global strs strs1 equal to 2
sets global strs strs1 equal to 9
create local strs strs1 equal to 68
creates local strs strs1 equal to 45
define local strs strs1 equal to 98
defines local strs strs1 equal to 61
declare local strs strs1 equal to 60
declares local strs strs1 equal to 79
set local strs strs1 equal to 66
sets local strs strs1 equal to 14
create strs strs1 equal to 70
creates strs strs1 equal to 24
define strs strs1 equal to 31
defines strs strs1 equal to 38
declare strs strs1 equal to 31
declares strs strs1 equal to 32
set strs strs1 equal to 23
sets strs strs1 equal to 75
create global strs strs2 equal to 3
creates global strs strs2 equal to 25
define global strs strs2 equal to 58
defines global strs strs2 equal to 35
declare global strs strs2 equal to 4
declares global strs strs2 equal to 40
set global strs strs2 equal to 41
sets global strs strs2 equal to 81
create local strs strs2 equal to 92
creates local strs strs2 equal to 97
define local strs strs2 equal to 7
defines local strs strs2 equal to 91
declare local strs strs2 equal to 71
declares local strs strs2 equal to 34
set local strs strs2 equal to 84
sets local strs strs2 equal to 33
create strs strs2 equal to 80
creates strs strs2 equal to 23
define strs strs2 equal to 76
defines strs strs2 equal to 86
declare strs strs2 equal to 81
declares strs strs2 equal to 15
set strs strs2 equal to 35
sets strs strs2 equal to 70
create global strs i equal to 60
creates global strs i equal to 25
define global strs i equal to 65
defines global strs i equal to 24
declare global strs i equal to 87
declares global strs i equal to 93
set global strs i equal to 43
sets global strs i equal to 56
create local strs i equal to 17
creates local strs i equal to 1
define local strs i equal to 8
defines local strs i equal to 84
declare local strs i equal to 89
declares local strs i equal to 99
set local strs i equal to 54
sets local strs i equal to 18
create strs i equal to 15
creates strs i equal to 35
define strs i equal to 49
defines strs i equal to 18
declare strs i equal to 29
declares strs i equal to 70
set strs i equal to 2
sets strs i equal to 99
create global strs j equal to 34
creates global strs j equal to 2
define global strs j equal to 65
defines global strs j equal to 8
declare global strs j equal to 3
declares global strs j equal to 37
set global strs j equal to 13
sets global strs j equal to 60
create local strs j equal to 75
creates local strs j equal to 26
define local strs j equal to 0
defines local strs j equal to 90
declare local strs j equal to 91
declares local strs j equal to 54
set local strs j equal to 0
sets local strs j equal to 71
create strs j equal to 0
creates strs j equal to 26
define strs j equal to 31
defines strs j equal to 28
declare strs j equal to 49
declares strs j equal to 65
set strs j equal to 24
sets strs j equal to 67
create global strs k equal to 12
creates global strs k equal to 0
define global strs k equal to 21
defines global strs k equal to 72
declare global strs k equal to 84
declares global strs k equal to 34
set global strs k equal to 76
sets global strs k equal to 57
create local strs k equal to 30
creates local strs k equal to 4
define local strs k equal to 13
defines local strs k equal to 97
declare local strs k equal to 100
declares local strs k equal to 67
set local strs k equal to 93
sets local strs k equal to 48
create strs k equal to 21
creates strs k equal to 46
define strs k equal to 93
defines strs k equal to 41
declare strs k equal to 63
declares strs k equal to 30
set strs k equal to 95
sets strs k equal to 35
create global strs a equal to 79
creates global strs a equal to 14
define global strs a equal to 94
defines global strs a equal to 78
declare global strs a equal to 51
declares global strs a equal to 100
set global strs a equal to 34
sets global strs a equal to 2
create local strs a equal to 50
creates local strs a equal to 16
define local strs a equal to 15
defines local strs a equal to 92
declare local strs a equal to 75
declares local strs a equal to 91
set local strs a equal to 40
sets local strs a equal to 45
create strs a equal to 91
creates strs a equal to 74
define strs a equal to 82
defines strs a equal to 69
declare strs a equal to 52
declares strs a equal to 43
set strs a equal to 20
sets strs a equal to 49
create global strs b equal to 15
creates global strs b equal to 100
define global strs b equal to 4
defines global strs b equal to 44
declare global strs b equal to 31
declares global strs b equal to 1
set global strs b equal to 85
sets global strs b equal to 55
create local strs b equal to 14
creates local strs b equal to 71
define local strs b equal to 76
defines local strs b equal to 76
declare local strs b equal to 46
declares local strs b equal to 82
set local strs b equal to 7
sets local strs b equal to 26
create strs b equal to 24
creates strs b equal to 86
define strs b equal to 78
defines strs b equal to 20
declare strs b equal to 9
declares strs b equal to 23
set strs b equal to 23
sets strs b equal to 54
create global strs c equal to 84
creates global strs c equal to 95
define global strs c equal to 60
defines global strs c equal to 60
declare global strs c equal to 31
declares global strs c equal to 73
set global strs c equal to 85
sets global strs c equal to 13
create local strs c equal to 47
creates local strs c equal to 54
define local strs c equal to 53
defines local strs c equal to 78
declare local strs c equal to 82
declares local strs c equal to 55
set local strs c equal to 76
sets local strs c equal to 96
create strs c equal to 31
creates strs c equal to 50
define strs c equal to 21
defines strs c equal to 33
declare strs c equal to 29
declares strs c equal to 26
set strs c equal to 93
sets strs c equal to 8
create global text text0 equal to 78
creates global text text0 equal to 70
define global text text0 equal to 83
defines global text text0 equal to 40
declare global text text0 equal to 13
declares global text text0 equal to 82
set global text text0 equal to 76
sets global text text0 equal to 68
create local text text0 equal to 78
creates local text text0 equal to 90
define local text text0 equal to 24
defines local text text0 equal to 91
declare local text text0 equal to 0
declares local text text0 equal to 33
set local text text0 equal to 61
sets local text text0 equal to 52
create text text0 equal to 53
creates text text0 equal to 100
define text text0 equal to 26
defines text text0 equal to 91
declare text text0 equal to 77
declares text text0 equal to 30
set text text0 equal to 83
sets text text0 equal to 0
create global text text1 equal to 4
creates global text text1 equal to 12
define global text text1 equal to 91
defines global text text1 equal to 75
declare global text text1 equal to 87
declares global text text1 equal to 38
set global text text1 equal to 60
sets global text text1 equal to 13
create local text text1 equal to 29
creates local text text1 equal to 98
define local text text1 equal to 37
defines local text text1 equal to 23
declare local text text1 equal to 53
declares local text text1 equal to 64
set local text text1 equal to 53
sets local text text1 equal to 54
create text text1 equal to 12
creates text text1 equal to 88
define text text1 equal to 5
defines text text1 equal to 53
declare text text1 equal to 60
declares text text1 equal to 17
set text text1 equal to 49
sets text text1 equal to 48
create global text text2 equal to 23
creates global text text2 equal to 38
define global text text2 equal to 2
defines global text text2 equal to 7
declare global text text2 equal to 61
declares global text text2 equal to 88
set global text text2 equal to 5
sets global text text2 equal to 61
create local text text2 equal to 100
creates local text text2 equal to 19
define local text text2 equal to 78
defines local text text2 equal to 57
declare local text text2 equal to 55
declares local text text2 equal to 0
set local text text2 equal to 7
sets local text text2 equal to 90
create text text2 equal to 23
creates text text2 equal to 38
define text text2 equal to 15
defines text text2 equal to 50
declare text text2 equal to 86
declares text text2 equal to 41
set text text2 equal to 85
sets text text2 equal to 38
create global text i equal to 100
creates global text i equal to 85
define global text i equal to 26
defines global text i equal to 76
declare global text i equal to 15
declares global text i equal to 98
set global text i equal to 32
sets global text i equal to 7
create local text i equal to 91
creates local text i equal to 67
define local text i equal to 0
defines local text i equal to 31
declare local text i equal to 41
declares local text i equal to 95
set local text i equal to 57
sets local text i equal to 0
create text i equal to 13
creates text i equal to 23
define text i equal to 81
defines text i equal to 48
declare text i equal to 28
declares text i equal to 100
set text i equal to 81
sets text i equal to 55
create global text j equal to 18
creates global text j equal to 22
define global text j equal to 95
defines global text j equal to 38
declare global text j equal to 30
declares global text j equal to 99
set global text j equal to 6
sets global text j equal to 6
create local text j equal to 71
creates local text j equal to 86
define local text j equal to 22
defines local text j equal to 11
declare local text j equal to 8
declares local text j equal to 76
set local text j equal to 52
sets local text j equal to 27
create text j equal to 75
creates text j equal to 61
define text j equal to 29
defines text j equal to 85
declare text j equal to 3
declares text j equal to 91
set text j equal to 69
sets text j equal to 31
create global text k equal to 92
creates global text k equal to 20
define global text k equal to 1
defines global text k equal to 55
declare global text k equal to 39
declares global text k equal to 29
set global text k equal to 28
sets global text k equal to 88
create local text k equal to 99
creates local text k equal to 82
define local text k equal to 56
defines local text k equal to 15
declare local text k equal to 5
declares local text k equal to 64
set local text k equal to 79
sets local text k equal to 2
create text k equal to 18
creates text k equal to 37
define text k equal to 85
defines text k equal to 70
declare text k equal to 97
declares text k equal to 54
set text k equal to 9
sets text k equal to 70
create global text a equal to 81
creates global text a equal to 53
define global text a equal to 22
defines global text a equal to 0
declare global text a equal to 3
declares global text a equal to 68
set global text a equal to 61
sets global text a equal to 14
create local text a equal to 86
creates local text a equal to 9
define local text a equal to 52
defines local text a equal to 32
declare local text a equal to 24
declares local text a equal to 84
set local text a equal to 15
sets local text a equal to 19
create text a equal to 66
creates text a equal to 59
define text a equal to 3
defines text a equal to 83
declare text a equal to 74
declares text a equal to 14
set text a equal to 64
sets text a equal to 32
create global text b equal to 25
creates global text b equal to 100
define global text b equal to 48
defines global text b equal to 20
declare global text b equal to 13
declares global text b equal to 83
set global text b equal to 57
sets global text b equal to 68
create local text b equal to 37
creates local text b equal to 5
define local text b equal to 59
defines local text b equal to 38
declare local text b equal to 89
declares local text b equal to 17
set local text b equal to 95
sets local text b equal to 23
create text b equal to 55
creates text b equal to 28
define text b equal to 81
defines text b equal to 47
declare text b equal to 5
declares text b equal to 86
set text b equal to 94
sets text b equal to 87
create global text c equal to 80
creates global text c equal to 51
define global text c equal to 0
defines global text c equal to 92
declare global text c equal to 89
declares global text c equal to 41
set global text c equal to 96
sets global text c equal to 5
create local text c equal to 5
creates local text c equal to 52
define local text c equal to 99
defines local text c equal to 44
declare local text c equal to 57
declares local text c equal to 43
set local text c equal to 52
sets local text c equal to 16
create text c equal to 28
creates text c equal to 18
define text c equal to 53
defines text c equal to 63
declare text c equal to 87
declares text c equal to 75
set text c equal to 11
sets text c equal to 62
create global texts texts0 equal to 56
creates global texts texts0 equal to 0
define global texts texts0 equal to 75
defines global texts texts0 equal to 13
declare global texts texts0 equal to 82
declares global texts texts0 equal to 22
set global texts texts0 equal to 28
sets global texts texts0 equal to 47
create local texts texts0 equal to 44
creates local texts texts0 equal to 95
define local texts texts0 equal to 90
defines local texts texts0 equal to 5
declare local texts texts0 equal to 11
declares local texts texts0 equal to 67
set local texts texts0 equal to 89
sets local texts texts0 equal to 27
create texts texts0 equal to 39
creates texts texts0 equal to 58
define texts texts0 equal to 67
defines texts texts0 equal to 66
declare texts texts0 equal to 44
declares texts texts0 equal to 67
set texts texts0 equal to 23
sets texts texts0 equal to 68
create global texts texts1 equal to 32
creates global texts texts1 equal to 63
define global texts texts1 equal to 30
defines global texts texts1 equal to 65
declare global texts texts1 equal to 39
declares global texts texts1 equal to 79
set global texts texts1 equal to 44
sets global texts texts1 equal to 34
create local texts texts1 equal to 86
creates local texts texts1 equal to 82
define local texts texts1 equal to 31
defines local texts texts1 equal to 41
declare local texts texts1 equal to 51
declares local texts texts1 equal to 8
set local texts texts1 equal to 77
sets local texts texts1 equal to 3
create texts texts1 equal to 27
creates texts texts1 equal to 44
define texts texts1 equal to 67
defines texts texts1 equal to 26
declare texts texts1 equal to 76
declares texts texts1 equal to 83
set texts texts1 equal to 75
sets texts texts1 equal to 15
create global texts texts2 equal to 18
creates global texts texts2 equal to 80
define global texts texts2 equal to 84
defines global texts texts2 equal to 64
declare global texts texts2 equal to 55
declares global texts texts2 equal to 87
set global texts texts2 equal to 83
sets global texts texts2 equal to 76
create local texts texts2 equal to 42
creates local texts texts2 equal to 49
define local texts texts2 equal to 37
defines local texts texts2 equal to 8
declare local texts texts2 equal to 71
declares local texts texts2 equal to 94
set local texts texts2 equal to 74
sets local texts texts2 equal to 50
create texts texts2 equal to 15
creates texts texts2 equal to 16
define texts texts2 equal to 62
defines texts texts2 equal to 74
declare texts texts2 equal to 42
declares texts texts2 equal to 49
set texts texts2 equal to 2
sets texts texts2 equal to 39
create global texts i equal to 74
creates global texts i equal to 45
define global texts i equal to 49
defines global texts i equal to 98
declare global texts i equal to 97
declares global texts i equal to 67
set global texts i equal to 43
sets global texts i equal to 90
create local texts i equal to 62
creates local texts i equal to 85
define local texts i equal to 76
defines local texts i equal to 36
declare local texts i equal to 11
declares local texts i equal to 54
set local texts i equal to 42
sets local texts i equal to 100
create texts i equal to 23
creates texts i equal to 54
define texts i equal to 13
defines texts i equal to 15
declare texts i equal to 43
declares texts i equal to 61
set texts i equal to 73
sets texts i equal to 84
create global texts j equal to 54
creates global texts j equal to 100
define global texts j equal to 68
defines global texts j equal to 13
declare global texts j equal to 0
declares global texts j equal to 4
set global texts j equal to 59
sets global texts j equal to 2
create local texts j equal to 72
creates local texts j equal to 97
define local texts j equal to 94
defines local texts j equal to 1
declare local texts j equal to 21
declares local texts j equal to 45
set local texts j equal to 7
sets local texts j equal to 78
create texts j equal to 97
creates texts j equal to 84
define texts j equal to 67
defines texts j equal to 83
declare texts j equal to 48
declares texts j equal to 55
set texts j equal to 6
sets texts j equal to 0
create global texts k equal to 73
creates global texts k equal to 61
define global texts k equal to 1
defines global texts k equal to 33
declare global texts k equal to 56
declares global texts k equal to 33
set global texts k equal to 90
sets global texts k equal to 41
create local texts k equal to 10
creates local texts k equal to 100
define local texts k equal to 72
defines local texts k equal to 73
declare local texts k equal to 67
declares local texts k equal to 15
set local texts k equal to 86
sets local texts k equal to 51
create texts k equal to 91
creates texts k equal to 10
define texts k equal to 27
defines texts k equal to 46
declare texts k equal to 71
declares texts k equal to 62
set texts k equal to 24
sets texts k equal to 47
create global texts a equal to 11
creates global texts a equal to 78
define global texts a equal to 70
defines global texts a equal to 8
declare global texts a equal to 5
declares global texts a equal to 73
set global texts a equal to 18
sets global texts a equal to 62
create local texts a equal to 12
creates local texts a equal to 73
define local texts a equal to 79
defines local texts a equal to 15
declare local texts a equal to 57
declares local texts a equal to 75
set local texts a equal to 8
sets local texts a equal to 79
create texts a equal to 8
creates texts a equal to 95
define texts a equal to 33
defines texts a equal to 55
declare texts a equal to 22
declares texts a equal to 72
set texts a equal to 5
sets texts a equal to 25
create global texts b equal to 33
creates global texts b equal to 98
define global texts b equal to 91
defines global texts b equal to 87
declare global texts b equal to 75
declares global texts b equal to 89
set global texts b equal to 95
sets global texts b equal to 5
create local texts b equal to 26
creates local texts b equal to 33
define local texts b equal to 66
defines local texts b equal to 10
declare local texts b equal to 50
declares local texts b equal to 97
set local texts b equal to 56
sets local texts b equal to 26
create texts b equal to 69
creates texts b equal to 59
define texts b equal to 44
defines texts b equal to 24
declare texts b equal to 32
declares texts b equal to 33
set texts b equal to 31
sets texts b equal to 27
create global texts c equal to 7
creates global texts c equal to 65
define global texts c equal to 15
defines global texts c equal to 26
declare global texts c equal to 20
declares global texts c equal to 41
set global texts c equal to 75
sets global texts c equal to 98
create local texts c equal to 20
creates local texts c equal to 48
define local texts c equal to 25
defines local texts c equal to 47
declare local texts c equal to 69
declares local texts c equal to 67
set local texts c equal to 81
sets local texts c equal to 68
create texts c equal to 71
creates texts c equal to 89
define texts c equal to 46
defines texts c equal to 3
declare texts c equal to 99
declares texts c equal to 20
set texts c equal to 72
sets texts c equal to 68
create global txt txt0 equal to 66
creates global txt txt0 equal to 25
define global txt txt0 equal to 13
defines global txt txt0 equal to 91
declare global txt txt0 equal to 71
declares global txt txt0 equal to 53
set global txt txt0 equal to 62
sets global txt txt0 equal to 83
create local txt txt0 equal to 81
creates local txt txt0 equal to 20
define local txt txt0 equal to 70
defines local txt txt0 equal to 16
declare local txt txt0 equal to 29
declares local txt txt0 equal to 64
set local txt txt0 equal to 79
sets local txt txt0 equal to 77
create txt txt0 equal to 21
creates txt txt0 equal to 67
define txt txt0 equal to 29
defines txt txt0 equal to 29
declare txt txt0 equal to 48
declares txt txt0 equal to 82
set txt txt0 equal to 18
sets txt txt0 equal to 21
create global txt txt1 equal to 32
creates global txt txt1 equal to 4
define global txt txt1 equal to 55
defines global txt txt1 equal to 70
declare global txt txt1 equal to 70
declares global txt txt1 equal to 3
set global txt txt1 equal to 80
sets global txt txt1 equal to 36
create local txt txt1 equal to 48
creates local txt txt1 equal to 96
define local txt txt1 equal to 66
defines local txt txt1 equal to 83
declare local txt txt1 equal to 72
declares local txt txt1 equal to 10
set local txt txt1 equal to 58
sets local txt txt1 equal to 79
create txt txt1 equal to 12
creates txt txt1 equal to 30
define txt txt1 equal to 32
defines txt txt1 equal to 74
declare txt txt1 equal to 42
declares txt txt1 equal to 30
set txt txt1 equal to 34
sets txt txt1 equal to 13
create global txt txt2 equal to 57
creates global txt txt2 equal to 43
define global txt txt2 equal to 9
defines global txt txt2 equal to 93
declare global txt txt2 equal to 75
declares global txt txt2 equal to 15
set global txt txt2 equal to 23
sets global txt txt2 equal to 15
create local txt txt2 equal to 8
creates local txt txt2 equal to 25
define local txt txt2 equal to 18
defines local txt txt2 equal to 68
declare local txt txt2 equal to 31
declares local txt txt2 equal to 14
set local txt txt2 equal to 59
sets local txt txt2 equal to 100
create txt txt2 equal to 71
creates txt txt2 equal to 49
define txt txt2 equal to 11
defines txt txt2 equal to 0
declare txt txt2 equal to 52
declares txt txt2 equal to 19
set txt txt2 equal to 6
sets txt txt2 equal to 25
create global txt i equal to 28
creates global txt i equal to 79
define global txt i equal to 60
defines global txt i equal to 93
declare global txt i equal to 5
declares global txt i equal to 61
set global txt i equal to 14
sets global txt i equal to 78
create local txt i equal to 5
creates local txt i equal to 20
define local txt i equal to 24
defines local txt i equal to 20
declare local txt i equal to 12
declares local txt i equal to 46
set local txt i equal to 37
sets local txt i equal to 96
create txt i equal to 75
creates txt i equal to 37
define txt i equal to 32
defines txt i equal to 66
declare txt i equal to 96
declares txt i equal to 51
set txt i equal to 61
sets txt i equal to 62
create global txt j equal to 86
creates global txt j equal to 10
define global txt j equal to 62
defines global txt j equal to 86
declare global txt j equal to 20
declares global txt j equal to 49
set global txt j equal to 77
sets global txt j equal to 36
create local txt j equal to 80
creates local txt j equal to 70
define local txt j equal to 83
defines local txt j equal to 82
declare local txt j equal to 34
declares local txt j equal to 71
set local txt j equal to 10
sets local txt j equal to 37
create txt j equal to 77
creates txt j equal to 52
define txt j equal to 80
defines txt j equal to 0
declare txt j equal to 33
declares txt j equal to 97
set txt j equal to 66
sets txt j equal to 80
create global txt k equal to 79
creates global txt k equal to 66
define global txt k equal to 100
defines global txt k equal to 29
declare global txt k equal to 94
declares global txt k equal to 22
set global txt k equal to 67
sets global txt k equal to 17
create local txt k equal to 50
creates local txt k equal to 92
define local txt k equal to 5
defines local txt k equal to 63
declare local txt k equal to 15
declares local txt k equal to 92
set local txt k equal to 43
sets local txt k equal to 99
create txt k equal to 17
creates txt k equal to 73
define txt k equal to 78
defines txt k equal to 2
declare txt k equal to 59
declares txt k equal to 15
set txt k equal to 54
sets txt k equal to 81
create global txt a equal to 57
creates global txt a equal to 38
define global txt a equal to 25
defines global txt a equal to 69
declare global txt a equal to 31
declares global txt a equal to 21
set global txt a equal to 49
sets global txt a equal to 85
create local txt a equal to 66
creates local txt a equal to 27
define local txt a equal to 14
defines local txt a equal to 55
declare local txt a equal to 94
declares local txt a equal to 43
set local txt a equal to 59
sets local txt a equal to 52
create txt a equal to 87
creates txt a equal to 88
define txt a equal to 37
defines txt a equal to 43
declare txt a equal to 19
declares txt a equal to 66
set txt a equal to 32
sets txt a equal to 4
create global txt b equal to 39
creates global txt b equal to 83
define global txt b equal to 79
defines global txt b equal to 19
declare global txt b equal to 23
declares global txt b equal to 5
set global txt b equal to 44
sets global txt b equal to 16
create local txt b equal to 50
creates local txt b equal to 69
define local txt b equal to 30
defines local txt b equal to 59
declare local txt b equal to 40
declares local txt b equal to 68
set local txt b equal to 64
sets local txt b equal to 89
create txt b equal to 61
creates txt b equal to 86
define txt b equal to 66
defines txt b equal to 89
declare txt b equal to 94
declares txt b equal to 17
set txt b equal to 76
sets txt b equal to 56
create global txt c equal to 41
creates global txt c equal to 39
define global txt c equal to 48
defines global txt c equal to 20
declare global txt c equal to 81
declares global txt c equal to 29
set global txt c equal to 68
sets global txt c equal to 57
create local txt c equal to 27
creates local txt c equal to 54
define local txt c equal to 20
defines local txt c equal to 30
declare local txt c equal to 67
declares local txt c equal to 54
set local txt c equal to 91
sets local txt c equal to 19
create txt c equal to 66
creates txt c equal to 68
define txt c equal to 30
defines txt c equal to 73
declare txt c equal to 19
declares txt c equal to 35
set txt c equal to 100
sets txt c equal to 10
create global txts txts0 equal to 16
creates global txts txts0 equal to 27
define global txts txts0 equal to 63
defines global txts txts0 equal to 66
declare global txts txts0 equal to 60
declares global txts txts0 equal to 18
set global txts txts0 equal to 90
sets global txts txts0 equal to 41
create local txts txts0 equal to 35
creates local txts txts0 equal to 78
define local txts txts0 equal to 55
defines local txts txts0 equal to 18
declare local txts txts0 equal to 83
declares local txts txts0 equal to 18
set local txts txts0 equal to 45
sets local txts txts0 equal to 21
create txts txts0 equal to 82
creates txts txts0 equal to 78
define txts txts0 equal to 67
defines txts txts0 equal to 19
declare txts txts0 equal to 99
declares txts txts0 equal to 52
set txts txts0 equal to 67
sets txts txts0 equal to 40
create global txts txts1 equal to 19
creates global txts txts1 equal to 51
define global txts txts1 equal to 0
defines global txts txts1 equal to 86
declare global txts txts1 equal to 96
declares global txts txts1 equal to 49
set global txts txts1 equal to 56
sets global txts txts1 equal to 72
create local txts txts1 equal to 23
creates local txts txts1 equal to 12
define local txts txts1 equal to 18
defines local txts txts1 equal to 86
declare local txts txts1 equal to 57
declares local txts txts1 equal to 25
set local txts txts1 equal to 70
sets local txts txts1 equal to 32
create txts txts1 equal to 14
creates txts txts1 equal to 9
define txts txts1 equal to 88
defines txts txts1 equal to 56
declare txts txts1 equal to 93
declares txts txts1 equal to 39
set txts txts1 equal to 88
sets txts txts1 equal to 7
create global txts txts2 equal to 28
creates global txts txts2 equal to 56
define global txts txts2 equal to 87
defines global txts txts2 equal to 84
declare global txts txts2 equal to 77
declares global txts txts2 equal to 85
set global txts txts2 equal to 14
sets global txts txts2 equal to 6
create local txts txts2 equal to 13
creates local txts txts2 equal to 27
define local txts txts2 equal to 4
defines local txts txts2 equal to 26
declare local txts txts2 equal to 76
declares local txts txts2 equal to 68
set local txts txts2 equal to 31
sets local txts txts2 equal to 94
create txts txts2 equal to 62
creates txts txts2 equal to 64
define txts txts2 equal to 19
defines txts txts2 equal to 27
declare txts txts2 equal to 63
declares txts txts2 equal to 7
set txts txts2 equal to 76
sets txts txts2 equal to 55
create global txts i equal to 88
creates global txts i equal to 55
define global txts i equal to 8
defines global txts i equal to 91
declare global txts i equal to 51
declares global txts i equal to 43
set global txts i equal to 75
sets global txts i equal to 8
create local txts i equal to 32
creates local txts i equal to 17
define local txts i equal to 81
defines local txts i equal to 56
declare local txts i equal to 1
declares local txts i equal to 63
set local txts i equal to 55
sets local txts i equal to 5
create txts i equal to 84
creates txts i equal to 59
define txts i equal to 38
defines txts i equal to 65
declare txts i equal to 99
declares txts i equal to 29
set txts i equal to 0
sets txts i equal to 7
create global txts j equal to 67
creates global txts j equal to 88
define global txts j equal to 58
defines global txts j equal to 70
declare global txts j equal to 59
declares global txts j equal to 38
set global txts j equal to 35
sets global txts j equal to 7
create local txts j equal to 57
creates local txts j equal to 32
define local txts j equal to 33
defines local txts j equal to 59
declare local txts j equal to 94
declares local txts j equal to 94
set local txts j equal to 95
sets local txts j equal to 18
create txts j equal to 22
creates txts j equal to 44
define txts j equal to 85
defines txts j equal to 17
declare txts j equal to 86
declares txts j equal to 32
set txts j equal to 20
sets txts j equal to 62
create global txts k equal to 56
creates global txts k equal to 1
define global txts k equal to 46
defines global txts k equal to 0
declare global txts k equal to 22
declares global txts k equal to 100
set global txts k equal to 35
sets global txts k equal to 32
create local txts k equal to 46
creates local txts k equal to 71
define local txts k equal to 14
defines local txts k equal to 36
declare local txts k equal to 9
declares local txts k equal to 14
set local txts k equal to 35
sets local txts k equal to 10
create txts k equal to 81
creates txts k equal to 54
define txts k equal to 86
defines txts k equal to 40
declare txts k equal to 63
declares txts k equal to 48
set txts k equal to 86
sets txts k equal to 73
create global txts a equal to 51
creates global txts a equal to 84
define global txts a equal to 75
defines global txts a equal to 1
declare global txts a equal to 59
declares global txts a equal to 80
set global txts a equal to 54
sets global txts a equal to 40
create local txts a equal to 57
creates local txts a equal to 18
define local txts a equal to 4
defines local txts a equal to 7
declare local txts a equal to 46
declares local txts a equal to 8
set local txts a equal to 91
sets local txts a equal to 59
create txts a equal to 45
creates txts a equal to 63
define txts a equal to 37
defines txts a equal to 70
declare txts a equal to 78
declares txts a equal to 10
set txts a equal to 88
sets txts a equal to 99
create global txts b equal to 100
creates global txts b equal to 30
define global txts b equal to 74
defines global txts b equal to 60
declare global txts b equal to 68
declares global txts b equal to 48
set global txts b equal to 5
sets global txts b equal to 55
create local txts b equal to 38
creates local txts b equal to 60
define local txts b equal to 83
defines local txts b equal to 10
declare local txts b equal to 5
declares local txts b equal to 55
set local txts b equal to 33
sets local txts b equal to 64
create txts b equal to 23
creates txts b equal to 5
define txts b equal to 100
defines txts b equal to 91
declare txts b equal to 58
declares txts b equal to 67
set txts b equal to 15
sets txts b equal to 15
create global txts c equal to 41
creates global txts c equal to 15
define global txts c equal to 36
defines global txts c equal to 90
declare global txts c equal to 72
declares global txts c equal to 7
set global txts c equal to 0
sets global txts c equal to 37
create local txts c equal to 28
creates local txts c equal to 77
define local txts c equal to 11
defines local txts c equal to 42
declare local txts c equal to 36
declares local txts c equal to 75
set local txts c equal to 56
sets local txts c equal to 96
create txts c equal to 19
creates txts c equal to 52
define txts c equal to 5
defines txts c equal to 46
declare txts c equal to 77
declares txts c equal to 70
set txts c equal to 9
sets txts c equal to 76
create global array array0 equal to 50
creates global array array0 equal to 86
define global array array0 equal to 1
defines global array array0 equal to 60
declare global array array0 equal to 49
declares global array array0 equal to 74
set global array array0 equal to 11
sets global array array0 equal to 83
create local array array0 equal to 17
creates local array array0 equal to 7
define local array array0 equal to 32
defines local array array0 equal to 75
declare local array array0 equal to 97
declares local array array0 equal to 74
set local array array0 equal to 63
sets local array array0 equal to 65
create array array0 equal to 63
creates array array0 equal to 34
define array array0 equal to 21
defines array array0 equal to 23
declare array array0 equal to 25
declares array array0 equal to 45
set array array0 equal to 46
sets array array0 equal to 97
create global array array1 equal to 84
creates global array array1 equal to 8
define global array array1 equal to 61
defines global array array1 equal to 45
declare global array array1 equal to 43
declares global array array1 equal to 10
set global array array1 equal to 54
sets global array array1 equal to 50
create local array array1 equal to 12
creates local array array1 equal to 12
define local array array1 equal to 49
defines local array array1 equal to 45
declare local array array1 equal to 73
declares local array array1 equal to 15
set local array array1 equal to 29
sets local array array1 equal to 45
create array array1 equal to 70
creates array array1 equal to 40
define array array1 equal to 50
defines array array1 equal to 99
declare array array1 equal to 64
declares array array1 equal to 93
set array array1 equal to 62
sets array array1 equal to 68
create global array array2 equal to 26
creates global array array2 equal to 76
define global array array2 equal to 2
defines global array array2 equal to 75
declare global array array2 equal to 30
declares global array array2 equal to 72
set global array array2 equal to 40
sets global array array2 equal to 41
create local array array2 equal to 70
creates local array array2 equal to 68
define local array array2 equal to 90
defines local array array2 equal to 17
declare local array array2 equal to 76
declares local array array2 equal to 7
set local array array2 equal to 65
sets local array array2 equal to 89
create array array2 equal to 85
creates array array2 equal to 36
define array array2 equal to 10
defines array array2 equal to 93
declare array array2 equal to 32
declares array array2 equal to 4
set array array2 equal to 62
sets array array2 equal to 17
create global array i equal to 64
creates global array i equal to 28
define global array i equal to 27
defines global array i equal to 13
declare global array i equal to 5
declares global array i equal to 83
set global array i equal to 19
sets global array i equal to 98
create local array i equal to 43
creates local array i equal to 13
define local array i equal to 67
defines local array i equal to 41
declare local array i equal to 72
declares local array i equal to 62
set local array i equal to 17
sets local array i equal to 67
create array i equal to 3
creates array i equal to 100
define array i equal to 37
defines array i equal to 37
declare array i equal to 31
declares array i equal to 14
set array i equal to 44
sets array i equal to 0
create global array j equal to 38
creates global array j equal to 83
define global array j equal to 75
defines global array j equal to 55
declare global array j equal to 54
declares global array j equal to 12
set global array j equal to 80
sets global array j equal to 3
create local array j equal to 74
creates local array j equal to 34
define local array j equal to 1
defines local array j equal to 27
declare local array j equal to 23
declares local array j equal to 27
set local array j equal to 33
sets local array j equal to 19
create array j equal to 63
creates array j equal to 17
define array j equal to 26
defines array j equal to 22
declare array j equal to 31
declares array j equal to 92
set array j equal to 75
sets array j equal to 37
create global array k equal to 92
creates global array k equal to 21
define global array k equal to 60
defines global array k equal to 61
declare global array k equal to 31
declares global array k equal to 1
set global array k equal to 45
sets global array k equal to 46
create local array k equal to 45
creates local array k equal to 78
define local array k equal to 42
defines local array k equal to 25
declare local array k equal to 95
declares local array k equal to 14
set local array k equal to 73
sets local array k equal to 33
create array k equal to 57
creates array k equal to 45
define array k equal to 14
defines array k equal to 79
declare array k equal to 0
declares array k equal to 36
set array k equal to 75
sets array k equal to 97
create global array a equal to 57
creates global array a equal to 59
define global array a equal to 43
defines global array a equal to 4
declare global array a equal to 6
declares global array a equal to 99
set global array a equal to 65
sets global array a equal to 7
create local array a equal to 43
creates local array a equal to 38
define local array a equal to 11
defines local array a equal to 1
declare local array a equal to 89
declares local array a equal to 16
set local array a equal to 50
sets local array a equal to 63
create array a equal to 64
creates array a equal to 70
define array a equal to 14
defines array a equal to 74
declare array a equal to 55
declares array a equal to 100
set array a equal to 46
sets array a equal to 41
create global array b equal to 41
creates global array b equal to 63
define global array b equal to 16
defines global array b equal to 87
declare global array b equal to 46
declares global array b equal to 24
set global array b equal to 54
sets global array b equal to 67
create local array b equal to 37
creates local array b equal to 91
define local array b equal to 75
defines local array b equal to 52
declare local array b equal to 86
declares local array b equal to 35
set local array b equal to 17
sets local array b equal to 67
create array b equal to 27
creates array b equal to 95
define array b equal to 48
defines array b equal to 50
declare array b equal to 38
declares array b equal to 12
set array b equal to 79
sets array b equal to 64
create global array c equal to 40
creates global array c equal to 7
define global array c equal to 66
defines global array c equal to 58
declare global array c equal to 100
declares global array c equal to 36
set global array c equal to 5
sets global array c equal to 93
create local array c equal to 76
creates local array c equal to 23
define local array c equal to 9
defines local array c equal to 83
declare local array c equal to 4
declares local array c equal to 52
set local array c equal to 22
sets local array c equal to 83
create array c equal to 30
creates array c equal to 45
define array c equal to 27
defines array c equal to 33
declare array c equal to 46
declares array c equal to 51
set array c equal to 34
sets array c equal to 44
create global arrays arrays0 equal to 36
creates global arrays arrays0 equal to 47
define global arrays arrays0 equal to 13
defines global arrays arrays0 equal to 62
declare global arrays arrays0 equal to 67
declares global arrays arrays0 equal to 32
set global arrays arrays0 equal to 26
sets global arrays arrays0 equal to 47
create local arrays arrays0 equal to 99
creates local arrays arrays0 equal to 94
define local arrays arrays0 equal to 69
defines local arrays arrays0 equal to 93
declare local arrays arrays0 equal to 77
declares local arrays arrays0 equal to 50
set local arrays arrays0 equal to 9
sets local arrays arrays0 equal to 43
create arrays arrays0 equal to 3
creates arrays arrays0 equal to 87
define arrays arrays0 equal to 48
defines arrays arrays0 equal to 81
declare arrays arrays0 equal to 67
declares arrays arrays0 equal to 93
set arrays arrays0 equal to 89
sets arrays arrays0 equal to 21
create global arrays arrays1 equal to 17
creates global arrays arrays1 equal to 12
define global arrays arrays1 equal to 16
defines global arrays arrays1 equal to 41
declare global arrays arrays1 equal to 79
declares global arrays arrays1 equal to 96
set global arrays arrays1 equal to 84
sets global arrays arrays1 equal to 69
create local arrays arrays1 equal to 81
creates local arrays arrays1 equal to 48
define local arrays arrays1 equal to 47
defines local arrays arrays1 equal to 73
declare local arrays arrays1 equal to 61
declares local arrays arrays1 equal to 58
set local arrays arrays1 equal to 3
sets local arrays arrays1 equal to 54
create arrays arrays1 equal to 80
creates arrays arrays1 equal to 20
define arrays arrays1 equal to 16
defines arrays arrays1 equal to 17
declare arrays arrays1 equal to 5
declares arrays arrays1 equal to 20
set arrays arrays1 equal to 94
sets arrays arrays1 equal to 16
create global arrays arrays2 equal to 5
creates global arrays arrays2 equal to 49
define global arrays arrays2 equal to 34
defines global arrays arrays2 equal to 85
declare global arrays arrays2 equal to 84
declares global arrays arrays2 equal to 94
set global arrays arrays2 equal to 62
sets global arrays arrays2 equal to 86
create local arrays arrays2 equal to 8
creates local arrays arrays2 equal to 69
define local arrays arrays2 equal to 61
defines local arrays arrays2 equal to 95
declare local arrays arrays2 equal to 32
declares local arrays arrays2 equal to 42
set local arrays arrays2 equal to 14
sets local arrays arrays2 equal to 63
create arrays arrays2 equal to 90
creates arrays arrays2 equal to 56
define arrays arrays2 equal to 7
defines arrays arrays2 equal to 30
declare arrays arrays2 equal to 22
declares arrays arrays2 equal to 83
set arrays arrays2 equal to 18
sets arrays arrays2 equal to 6
create global arrays i equal to 86
creates global arrays i equal to 72
define global arrays i equal to 84
defines global arrays i equal to 15
declare global arrays i equal to 39
declares global arrays i equal to 0
set global arrays i equal to 77
sets global arrays i equal to 70
create local arrays i equal to 57
creates local arrays i equal to 67
define local arrays i equal to 76
defines local arrays i equal to 100
declare local arrays i equal to 12
declares local arrays i equal to 23
set local arrays i equal to 7
sets local arrays i equal to 76
create arrays i equal to 83
creates arrays i equal to 30
define arrays i equal to 22
defines arrays i equal to 80
declare arrays i equal to 18
declares arrays i equal to 88
set arrays i equal to 68
sets arrays i equal to 24
create global arrays j equal to 94
creates global arrays j equal to 1
define global arrays j equal to 26
defines global arrays j equal to 73
declare global arrays j equal to 76
declares global arrays j equal to 53
set global arrays j equal to 27
sets global arrays j equal to 95
create local arrays j equal to 58
creates local arrays j equal to 43
define local arrays j equal to 16
defines local arrays j equal to 5
declare local arrays j equal to 73
declares local arrays j equal to 79
set local arrays j equal to 65
sets local arrays j equal to 65
create arrays j equal to 24
creates arrays j equal to 38
define arrays j equal to 51
defines arrays j equal to 16
declare arrays j equal to 70
declares arrays j equal to 11
set arrays j equal to 4
sets arrays j equal to 44
create global arrays k equal to 75
creates global arrays k equal to 18
define global arrays k equal to 82
defines global arrays k equal to 17
declare global arrays k equal to 96
declares global arrays k equal to 67
set global arrays k equal to 87
sets global arrays k equal to 34
create local arrays k equal to 23
creates local arrays k equal to 90
define local arrays k equal to 6
defines local arrays k equal to 6
declare local arrays k equal to 36
declares local arrays k equal to 69
set local arrays k equal to 96
sets local arrays k equal to 90
create arrays k equal to 10
creates arrays k equal to 67
define arrays k equal to 53
defines arrays k equal to 17
declare arrays k equal to 36
declares arrays k equal to 25
set arrays k equal to 41
sets arrays k equal to 23
create global arrays a equal to 20
creates global arrays a equal to 0
define global arrays a equal to 91
defines global arrays a equal to 76
declare global arrays a equal to 16
declares global arrays a equal to 21
set global arrays a equal to 72
sets global arrays a equal to 2
create local arrays a equal to 26
creates local arrays a equal to 58
define local arrays a equal to 57
defines local arrays a equal to 96
declare local arrays a equal to 50
declares local arrays a equal to 32
set local arrays a equal to 15
sets local arrays a equal to 26
create arrays a equal to 61
creates arrays a equal to 81
define arrays a equal to 23
defines arrays a equal to 33
declare arrays a equal to 10
declares arrays a equal to 34
set arrays a equal to 27
sets arrays a equal to 11
create global arrays b equal to 68
creates global arrays b equal to 4
define global arrays b equal to 6
defines global arrays b equal to 68
declare global arrays b equal to 78
declares global arrays b equal to 26
set global arrays b equal to 39
sets global arrays b equal to 12
create local arrays b equal to 74
creates local arrays b equal to 42
define local arrays b equal to 6
defines local arrays b equal to 56
declare local arrays b equal to 79
declares local arrays b equal to 6
set local arrays b equal to 82
sets local arrays b equal to 97
create arrays b equal to 13
creates arrays b equal to 79
define arrays b equal to 64
defines arrays b equal to 87
declare arrays b equal to 12
declares arrays b equal to 97
set arrays b equal to 100
sets arrays b equal to 5
create global arrays c equal to 23
creates global arrays c equal to 24
define global arrays c equal to 9
defines global arrays c equal to 58
declare global arrays c equal to 16
declares global arrays c equal to 50
set global arrays c equal to 94
sets global arrays c equal to 89
create local arrays c equal to 58
creates local arrays c equal to 23
define local arrays c equal to 68
defines local arrays c equal to 48
declare local arrays c equal to 88
declares local arrays c equal to 19
set local arrays c equal to 4
sets local arrays c equal to 43
create arrays c equal to 51
creates arrays c equal to 59
define arrays c equal to 35
defines arrays c equal to 22
declare arrays c equal to 96
declares arrays c equal to 88
set arrays c equal to 12
sets arrays c equal to 68
create global list list0 equal to 8
creates global list list0 equal to 30
define global list list0 equal to 77
defines global list list0 equal to 83
declare global list list0 equal to 79
declares global list list0 equal to 37
set global list list0 equal to 57
sets global list list0 equal to 63
create local list list0 equal to 21
creates local list list0 equal to 32
define local list list0 equal to 9
defines local list list0 equal to 23
declare local list list0 equal to 55
declares local list list0 equal to 29
set local list list0 equal to 29
sets local list list0 equal to 85
create list list0 equal to 75
creates list list0 equal to 48
define list list0 equal to 59
defines list list0 equal to 63
declare list list0 equal to 96
declares list list0 equal to 93
set list list0 equal to 78
sets list list0 equal to 97
create global list list1 equal to 82
creates global list list1 equal to 2
define global list list1 equal to 0
defines global list list1 equal to 77
declare global list list1 equal to 42
declares global list list1 equal to 42
set global list list1 equal to 26
sets global list list1 equal to 66
create local list list1 equal to 96
creates local list list1 equal to 36
define local list list1 equal to 55
defines local list list1 equal to 88
declare local list list1 equal to 33
declares local list list1 equal to 33
set local list list1 equal to 13
sets local list list1 equal to 28
create list list1 equal to 44
creates list list1 equal to 69
define list list1 equal to 26
defines list list1 equal to 40
declare list list1 equal to 34
declares list list1 equal to 25
set list list1 equal to 45
sets list list1 equal to 72
create global list list2 equal to 21
creates global list list2 equal to 37
define global list list2 equal to 88
defines global list list2 equal to 53
declare global list list2 equal to 85
declares global list list2 equal to 8
set global list list2 equal to 67
sets global list list2 equal to 40
create local list list2 equal to 51
creates local list list2 equal to 92
define local list list2 equal to 61
defines local list list2 equal to 79
declare local list list2 equal to 96
declares local list list2 equal to 14
set local list list2 equal to 5
sets local list list2 equal to 45
create list list2 equal to 13
creates list list2 equal to 25
define list list2 equal to 8
defines list list2 equal to 2
declare list list2 equal to 45
declares list list2 equal to 75
set list list2 equal to 95
sets list list2 equal to 69
create global list i equal to 22
creates global list i equal to 79
define global list i equal to 68
defines global list i equal to 82
declare global list i equal to 83
declares global list i equal to 2
set global list i equal to 68
sets global list i equal to 79
create local list i equal to 36
creates local list i equal to 30
define local list i equal to 22
defines local list i equal to 4
declare local list i equal to 44
declares local list i equal to 27
set local list i equal to 93
sets local list i equal to 80
create list i equal to 66
creates list i equal to 70
define list i equal to 63
defines list i equal to 49
declare list i equal to 0
declares list i equal to 48
set list i equal to 28
sets list i equal to 8
create global list j equal to 41
creates global list j equal to 37
define global list j equal to 66
defines global list j equal to 54
declare global list j equal to 29
declares global list j equal to 32
set global list j equal to 78
sets global list j equal to 35
create local list j equal to 99
creates local list j equal to 31
define local list j equal to 64
defines local list j equal to 22
declare local list j equal to 52
declares local list j equal to 56
set local list j equal to 57
sets local list j equal to 100
create list j equal to 99
creates list j equal to 53
define list j equal to 84
defines list j equal to 47
declare list j equal to 21
declares list j equal to 44
set list j equal to 95
sets list j equal to 60
create global list k equal to 95
creates global list k equal to 56
define global list k equal to 67
defines global list k equal to 18
declare global list k equal to 72
declares global list k equal to 98
set global list k equal to 84
sets global list k equal to 71
create local list k equal to 20
creates local list k equal to 29
define local list k equal to 69
defines local list k equal to 65
declare local list k equal to 4
declares local list k equal to 100
set local list k equal to 99
sets local list k equal to 57
create list k equal to 21
creates list k equal to 4
define list k equal to 14
defines list k equal to 37
declare list k equal to 91
declares list k equal to 48
set list k equal to 12
sets list k equal to 20
create global list a equal to 40
creates global list a equal to 57
define global list a equal to 35
defines global list a equal to 99
declare global list a equal to 5
declares global list a equal to 45
set global list a equal to 34
sets global list a equal to 24
create local list a equal to 63
creates local list a equal to 70
define local list a equal to 60
defines local list a equal to 86
declare local list a equal to 25
declares local list a equal to 50
set local list a equal to 17
sets local list a equal to 46
create list a equal to 92
creates list a equal to 11
define list a equal to 54
defines list a equal to 42
declare list a equal to 16
declares list a equal to 90
set list a equal to 57
sets list a equal to 9
create global list b equal to 60
creates global list b equal to 94
define global list b equal to 85
defines global list b equal to 11
declare global list b equal to 32
declares global list b equal to 17
set global list b equal to 66
sets global list b equal to 53
create local list b equal to 99
creates local list b equal to 88
define local list b equal to 61
defines local list b equal to 26
declare local list b equal to 71
declares local list b equal to 88
set local list b equal to 61
sets local list b equal to 62
create list b equal to 57
creates list b equal to 92
define list b equal to 50
defines list b equal to 28
declare list b equal to 44
declares list b equal to 45
set list b equal to 58
sets list b equal to 21
create global list c equal to 0
creates global list c equal to 64
define global list c equal to 61
defines global list c equal to 18
declare global list c equal to 21
declares global list c equal to 37
set global list c equal to 17
sets global list c equal to 73
create local list c equal to 87
creates local list c equal to 12
define local list c equal to 88
defines local list c equal to 69
declare local list c equal to 63
declares local list c equal to 56
set local list c equal to 59
sets local list c equal to 69
create list c equal to 91
creates list c equal to 58
define list c equal to 78
defines list c equal to 6
declare list c equal to 73
declares list c equal to 12
set list c equal to 85
sets list c equal to 31
create global lists lists0 equal to 11
creates global lists lists0 equal to 96
define global lists lists0 equal to 27
defines global lists lists0 equal to 68
declare global lists lists0 equal to 84
declares global lists lists0 equal to 3
set global lists lists0 equal to 97
sets global lists lists0 equal to 75
create local lists lists0 equal to 63
creates local lists lists0 equal to 69
define local lists lists0 equal to 54
defines local lists lists0 equal to 23
declare local lists lists0 equal to 67
declares local lists lists0 equal to 69
set local lists lists0 equal to 82
sets local lists lists0 equal to 27
create lists lists0 equal to 94
creates lists lists0 equal to 64
define lists lists0 equal to 34
defines lists lists0 equal to 6
declare lists lists0 equal to 6
declares lists lists0 equal to 57
set lists lists0 equal to 82
sets lists lists0 equal to 58
create global lists lists1 equal to 63
creates global lists lists1 equal to 16
define global lists lists1 equal to 67
defines global lists lists1 equal to 37
declare global lists lists1 equal to 50
declares global lists lists1 equal to 45
set global lists lists1 equal to 37
sets global lists lists1 equal to 30
create local lists lists1 equal to 39
creates local lists lists1 equal to 75
define local lists lists1 equal to 64
defines local lists lists1 equal to 60
declare local lists lists1 equal to 99
declares local lists lists1 equal to 59
set local lists lists1 equal to 42
sets local lists lists1 equal to 82
create lists lists1 equal to 16
creates lists lists1 equal to 82
define lists lists1 equal to 5
defines lists lists1 equal to 36
declare lists lists1 equal to 50
declares lists lists1 equal to 74
set lists lists1 equal to 78
sets lists lists1 equal to 7
create global lists lists2 equal to 88
creates global lists lists2 equal to 79
define global lists lists2 equal to 29
defines global lists lists2 equal to 77
declare global lists lists2 equal to 77
declares global lists lists2 equal to 33
set global lists lists2 equal to 91
sets global lists lists2 equal to 38
create local lists lists2 equal to 85
creates local lists lists2 equal to 2
define local lists lists2 equal to 55
defines local lists lists2 equal to 99
declare local lists lists2 equal to 69
declares local lists lists2 equal to 55
set local lists lists2 equal to 78
sets local lists lists2 equal to 90
create lists lists2 equal to 84
creates lists lists2 equal to 25
define lists lists2 equal to 64
defines lists lists2 equal to 45
declare lists lists2 equal to 38
declares lists lists2 equal to 18
set lists lists2 equal to 40
sets lists lists2 equal to 8
create global lists i equal to 45
creates global lists i equal to 26
define global lists i equal to 92
defines global lists i equal to 15
declare global lists i equal to 44
declares global lists i equal to 50
set global lists i equal to 71
sets global lists i equal to 46
create local lists i equal to 23
creates local lists i equal to 27
define local lists i equal to 32
defines local lists i equal to 82
declare local lists i equal to 56
declares local lists i equal to 85
set local lists i equal to 32
sets local lists i equal to 4
create lists i equal to 29
creates lists i equal to 98
define lists i equal to 17
defines lists i equal to 39
declare lists i equal to 24
declares lists i equal to 18
set lists i equal to 69
sets lists i equal to 33
create global lists j equal to 10
creates global lists j equal to 23
define global lists j equal to 94
defines global lists j equal to 73
declare global lists j equal to 29
declares global lists j equal to 59
set global lists j equal to 56
sets global lists j equal to 56
create local lists j equal to 1
creates local lists j equal to 18
define local lists j equal to 27
defines local lists j equal to 14
declare local lists j equal to 32
declares local lists j equal to 52
set local lists j equal to 19
sets local lists j equal to 24
create lists j equal to 10
creates lists j equal to 3
define lists j equal to 35
defines lists j equal to 36
declare lists j equal to 64
declares lists j equal to 11
set lists j equal to 41
sets lists j equal to 79
create global lists k equal to 93
creates global lists k equal to 34
define global lists k equal to 63
defines global lists k equal to 18
declare global lists k equal to 9
declares global lists k equal to 54
set global lists k equal to 55
sets global lists k equal to 49
create local lists k equal to 30
creates local lists k equal to 78
define local lists k equal to 13
defines local lists k equal to 40
declare local lists k equal to 93
declares local lists k equal to 28
set local lists k equal to 79
sets local lists k equal to 14
create lists k equal to 94
creates lists k equal to 60
define lists k equal to 76
defines lists k equal to 19
declare lists k equal to 46
declares lists k equal to 60
set lists k equal to 11
sets lists k equal to 6
create global lists a equal to 15
creates global lists a equal to 11
define global lists a equal to 39
defines global lists a equal to 8
declare global lists a equal to 48
declares global lists a equal to 4
set global lists a equal to 1
sets global lists a equal to 40
create local lists a equal to 60
creates local lists a equal to 77
define local lists a equal to 79
defines local lists a equal to 74
declare local lists a equal to 71
declares local lists a equal to 21
set local lists a equal to 79
sets local lists a equal to 38
create lists a equal to 73
creates lists a equal to 35
define lists a equal to 13
defines lists a equal to 57
declare lists a equal to 61
declares lists a equal to 98
set lists a equal to 37
sets lists a equal to 92
create global lists b equal to 39
creates global lists b equal to 64
define global lists b equal to 98
defines global lists b equal to 74
declare global lists b equal to 3
declares global lists b equal to 54
set global lists b equal to 47
sets global lists b equal to 5
create local lists b equal to 67
creates local lists b equal to 19
define local lists b equal to 9
defines local lists b equal to 19
declare local lists b equal to 50
declares local lists b equal to 91
set local lists b equal to 32
sets local lists b equal to 45
create lists b equal to 80
creates lists b equal to 65
define lists b equal to 88
defines lists b equal to 69
declare lists b equal to 4
declares lists b equal to 88
set lists b equal to 48
sets lists b equal to 13
create global lists c equal to 74
creates global lists c equal to 71
define global lists c equal to 63
defines global lists c equal to 39
declare global lists c equal to 70
declares global lists c equal to 51
set global lists c equal to 94
sets global lists c equal to 66
create local lists c equal to 97
creates local lists c equal to 98
define local lists c equal to 19
defines local lists c equal to 45
declare local lists c equal to 78
declares local lists c equal to 28
set local lists c equal to 23
sets local lists c equal to 35
create lists c equal to 47
creates lists c equal to 56
define lists c equal to 86
defines lists c equal to 87
declare lists c equal to 59
declares lists c equal to 8
set lists c equal to 30
sets lists c equal to 12
create global vector vector0 equal to 3
creates global vector vector0 equal to 92
define global vector vector0 equal to 61
defines global vector vector0 equal to 9
declare global vector vector0 equal to 46
declares global vector vector0 equal to 56
set global vector vector0 equal to 46
sets global vector vector0 equal to 74
create local vector vector0 equal to 65
creates local vector vector0 equal to 36
define local vector vector0 equal to 85
defines local vector vector0 equal to 47
declare local vector vector0 equal to 99
declares local vector vector0 equal to 26
set local vector vector0 equal to 100
sets local vector vector0 equal to 39
create vector vector0 equal to 45
creates vector vector0 equal to 18
define vector vector0 equal to 45
defines vector vector0 equal to 39
declare vector vector0 equal to 38
declares vector vector0 equal to 11
set vector vector0 equal to 12
sets vector vector0 equal to 60
create global vector vector1 equal to 47
creates global vector vector1 equal to 7
define global vector vector1 equal to 27
defines global vector vector1 equal to 27
declare global vector vector1 equal to 98
declares global vector vector1 equal to 93
set global vector vector1 equal to 98
sets global vector vector1 equal to 74
create local vector vector1 equal to 53
creates local vector vector1 equal to 48
define local vector vector1 equal to 46
defines local vector vector1 equal to 59
declare local vector vector1 equal to 21
declares local vector vector1 equal to 36
set local vector vector1 equal to 63
sets local vector vector1 equal to 74
create vector vector1 equal to 93
creates vector vector1 equal to 15
define vector vector1 equal to 47
defines vector vector1 equal to 43
declare vector vector1 equal to 95
declares vector vector1 equal to 87
set vector vector1 equal to 15
sets vector vector1 equal to 35
create global vector vector2 equal to 96
creates global vector vector2 equal to 66
define global vector vector2 equal to 48
defines global vector vector2 equal to 34
declare global vector vector2 equal to 80
declares global vector vector2 equal to 94
set global vector vector2 equal to 98
sets global vector vector2 equal to 86
create local vector vector2 equal to 83
creates local vector vector2 equal to 53
define local vector vector2 equal to 12
defines local vector vector2 equal to 4
declare local vector vector2 equal to 67
declares local vector vector2 equal to 33
set local vector vector2 equal to 51
sets local vector vector2 equal to 21
create vector vector2 equal to 34
creates vector vector2 equal to 39
define vector vector2 equal to 23
defines vector vector2 equal to 47
declare vector vector2 equal to 12
declares vector vector2 equal to 25
set vector vector2 equal to 99
sets vector vector2 equal to 66
create global vector i equal to 65
creates global vector i equal to 47
define global vector i equal to 62
defines global vector i equal to 38
declare global vector i equal to 21
declares global vector i equal to 42
set global vector i equal to 55
sets global vector i equal to 20
create local vector i equal to 92
creates local vector i equal to 11
define local vector i equal to 65
defines local vector i equal to 58
declare local vector i equal to 45
declares local vector i equal to 20
set local vector i equal to 72
sets local vector i equal to 73
create vector i equal to 95
creates vector i equal to 3
define vector i equal to 15
defines vector i equal to 45
declare vector i equal to 0
declares vector i equal to 15
set vector i equal to 25
sets vector i equal to 32
create global vector j equal to 30
creates global vector j equal to 48
define global vector j equal to 22
defines global vector j equal to 35
declare global vector j equal to 53
declares global vector j equal to 39
set global vector j equal to 96
sets global vector j equal to 47
create local vector j equal to 51
creates local vector j equal to 35
define local vector j equal to 83
defines local vector j equal to 53
declare local vector j equal to 80
declares local vector j equal to 59
set local vector j equal to 44
sets local vector j equal to 6
create vector j equal to 86
creates vector j equal to 37
define vector j equal to 15
defines vector j equal to 75
declare vector j equal to 69
declares vector j equal to 17
set vector j equal to 76
sets vector j equal to 45
create global vector k equal to 32
creates global vector k equal to 89
define global vector k equal to 60
defines global vector k equal to 31
declare global vector k equal to 2
declares global vector k equal to 17
set global vector k equal to 54
sets global vector k equal to 45
create local vector k equal to 63
creates local vector k equal to 22
define local vector k equal to 14
defines local vector k equal to 11
declare local vector k equal to 24
declares local vector k equal to 65
set local vector k equal to 91
sets local vector k equal to 48
create vector k equal to 6
creates vector k equal to 34
define vector k equal to 3
defines vector k equal to 33
declare vector k equal to 94
declares vector k equal to 89
set vector k equal to 13
sets vector k equal to 99
create global vector a equal to 26
creates global vector a equal to 21
define global vector a equal to 23
defines global vector a equal to 95
declare global vector a equal to 84
declares global vector a equal to 41
set global vector a equal to 84
sets global vector a equal to 35
create local vector a equal to 22
creates local vector a equal to 87
define local vector a equal to 53
defines local vector a equal to 16
declare local vector a equal to 8
declares local vector a equal to 32
set local vector a equal to 7
sets local vector a equal to 9
create vector a equal to 66
creates vector a equal to 56
define vector a equal to 73
defines vector a equal to 32
declare vector a equal to 74
declares vector a equal to 15
set vector a equal to 50
sets vector a equal to 11
create global vector b equal to 39
creates global vector b equal to 58
define global vector b equal to 59
defines global vector b equal to 37
declare global vector b equal to 58
declares global vector b equal to 95
set global vector b equal to 5
sets global vector b equal to 76
create local vector b equal to 74
creates local vector b equal to 3
define local vector b equal to 99
defines local vector b equal to 3
declare local vector b equal to 35
declares local vector b equal to 68
set local vector b equal to 13
sets local vector b equal to 9
create vector b equal to 86
creates vector b equal to 76
define vector b equal to 31
defines vector b equal to 52
declare vector b equal to 19
declares vector b equal to 23
set vector b equal to 88
sets vector b equal to 86
create global vector c equal to 31
creates global vector c equal to 61
define global vector c equal to 63
defines global vector c equal to 51
declare global vector c equal to 1
declares global vector c equal to 27
set global vector c equal to 67
sets global vector c equal to 94
create local vector c equal to 23
creates local vector c equal to 7
define local vector c equal to 0
defines local vector c equal to 38
declare local vector c equal to 51
declares local vector c equal to 94
set local vector c equal to 55
sets local vector c equal to 81
create vector c equal to 43
creates vector c equal to 50
define vector c equal to 75
defines vector c equal to 60
declare vector c equal to 9
declares vector c equal to 41
set vector c equal to 77
sets vector c equal to 77
create global vectors vectors0 equal to 21
creates global vectors vectors0 equal to 54
define global vectors vectors0 equal to 55
defines global vectors vectors0 equal to 52
declare global vectors vectors0 equal to 32
declares global vectors vectors0 equal to 78
set global vectors vectors0 equal to 80
sets global vectors vectors0 equal to 13
create local vectors vectors0 equal to 83
creates local vectors vectors0 equal to 67
define local vectors vectors0 equal to 80
defines local vectors vectors0 equal to 19
declare local vectors vectors0 equal to 81
declares local vectors vectors0 equal to 23
set local vectors vectors0 equal to 13
sets local vectors vectors0 equal to 74
create vectors vectors0 equal to 49
creates vectors vectors0 equal to 14
define vectors vectors0 equal to 53
defines vectors vectors0 equal to 81
declare vectors vectors0 equal to 16
declares vectors vectors0 equal to 20
set vectors vectors0 equal to 70
sets vectors vectors0 equal to 59
create global vectors vectors1 equal to 70
creates global vectors vectors1 equal to 27
define global vectors vectors1 equal to 12
defines global vectors vectors1 equal to 61
declare global vectors vectors1 equal to 90
declares global vectors vectors1 equal to 82
set global vectors vectors1 equal to 26
sets global vectors vectors1 equal to 21
create local vectors vectors1 equal to 93
creates local vectors vectors1 equal to 88
define local vectors vectors1 equal to 82
defines local vectors vectors1 equal to 67
declare local vectors vectors1 equal to 83
declares local vectors vectors1 equal to 30
set local vectors vectors1 equal to 69
sets local vectors vectors1 equal to 19
create vectors vectors1 equal to 29
creates vectors vectors1 equal to 68
define vectors vectors1 equal to 87
defines vectors vectors1 equal to 78
declare vectors vectors1 equal to 45
declares vectors vectors1 equal to 70
set vectors vectors1 equal to 92
sets vectors vectors1 equal to 93
create global vectors vectors2 equal to 89
creates global vectors vectors2 equal to 50
define global vectors vectors2 equal to 61
defines global vectors vectors2 equal to 20
declare global vectors vectors2 equal to 93
declares global vectors vectors2 equal to 21
set global vectors vectors2 equal to 42
sets global vectors vectors2 equal to 51
create local vectors vectors2 equal to 41
creates local vectors vectors2 equal to 57
define local vectors vectors2 equal to 71
defines local vectors vectors2 equal to 21
declare local vectors vectors2 equal to 32
declares local vectors vectors2 equal to 5
set local vectors vectors2 equal to 49
sets local vectors vectors2 equal to 8
create vectors vectors2 equal to 51
creates vectors vectors2 equal to 79
define vectors vectors2 equal to 80
defines vectors vectors2 equal to 80
declare vectors vectors2 equal to 72
declares vectors vectors2 equal to 90
set vectors vectors2 equal to 85
sets vectors vectors2 equal to 43
create global vectors i equal to 33
creates global vectors i equal to 71
define global vectors i equal to 47
defines global vectors i equal to 22
declare global vectors i equal to 62
declares global vectors i equal to 71
set global vectors i equal to 66
sets global vectors i equal to 56
create local vectors i equal to 49
creates local vectors i equal to 29
define local vectors i equal to 61
defines local vectors i equal to 59
declare local vectors i equal to 22
declares local vectors i equal to 62
set local vectors i equal to 19
sets local vectors i equal to 45
create vectors i equal to 62
creates vectors i equal to 88
define vectors i equal to 94
defines vectors i equal to 13
declare vectors i equal to 72
declares vectors i equal to 42
set vectors i equal to 81
sets vectors i equal to 43
create global vectors j equal to 79
creates global vectors j equal to 21
define global vectors j equal to 2
defines global vectors j equal to 81
declare global vectors j equal to 78
declares global vectors j equal to 99
set global vectors j equal to 83
sets global vectors j equal to 40
create local vectors j equal to 85
creates local vectors j equal to 41
define local vectors j equal to 56
defines local vectors j equal to 49
declare local vectors j equal to 80
declares local vectors j equal to 80
set local vectors j equal to 39
sets local vectors j equal to 75
create vectors j equal to 81
creates vectors j equal to 32
define vectors j equal to 57
defines vectors j equal to 22
declare vectors j equal to 27
declares vectors j equal to 94
set vectors j equal to 77
sets vectors j equal to 26
create global vectors k equal to 50
creates global vectors k equal to 76
define global vectors k equal to 13
defines global vectors k equal to 6
declare global vectors k equal to 87
declares global vectors k equal to 93
set global vectors k equal to 46
sets global vectors k equal to 50
create local vectors k equal to 33
creates local vectors k equal to 36
define local vectors k equal to 12
defines local vectors k equal to 91
declare local vectors k equal to 26
declares local vectors k equal to 35
set local vectors k equal to 49
sets local vectors k equal to 50
create vectors k equal to 96
creates vectors k equal to 30
define vectors k equal to 41
defines vectors k equal to 81
declare vectors k equal to 4
declares vectors k equal to 95
set vectors k equal to 12
sets vectors k equal to 66
create global vectors a equal to 85
creates global vectors a equal to 28
define global vectors a equal to 23
defines global vectors a equal to 59
declare global vectors a equal to 6
declares global vectors a equal to 27
set global vectors a equal to 97
sets global vectors a equal to 40
create local vectors a equal to 26
creates local vectors a equal to 30
define local vectors a equal to 49
defines local vectors a equal to 18
declare local vectors a equal to 46
declares local vectors a equal to 56
set local vectors a equal to 84
sets local vectors a equal to 30
create vectors a equal to 12
creates vectors a equal to 19
define vectors a equal to 10
defines vectors a equal to 30
declare vectors a equal to 5
declares vectors a equal to 7
set vectors a equal to 40
sets vectors a equal to 92
create global vectors b equal to 55
creates global vectors b equal to 21
define global vectors b equal to 49
defines global vectors b equal to 77
declare global vectors b equal to 19
declares global vectors b equal to 15
set global vectors b equal to 66
sets global vectors b equal to 65
create local vectors b equal to 64
creates local vectors b equal to 52
define local vectors b equal to 29
defines local vectors b equal to 84
declare local vectors b equal to 10
declares local vectors b equal to 88
set local vectors b equal to 99
sets local vectors b equal to 59
create vectors b equal to 38
creates vectors b equal to 3
define vectors b equal to 53
defines vectors b equal to 47
declare vectors b equal to 16
declares vectors b equal to 80
set vectors b equal to 33
sets vectors b equal to 67
create global vectors c equal to 77
creates global vectors c equal to 34
define global vectors c equal to 46
defines global vectors c equal to 15
declare global vectors c equal to 62
declares global vectors c equal to 60
set global vectors c equal to 14
sets global vectors c equal to 66
create local vectors c equal to 70
creates local vectors c equal to 41
define local vectors c equal to 96
defines local vectors c equal to 19
declare local vectors c equal to 10
declares local vectors c equal to 56
set local vectors c equal to 54
sets local vectors c equal to 91
create vectors c equal to 12
creates vectors c equal to 29
define vectors c equal to 96
defines vectors c equal to 73
declare vectors c equal to 30
declares vectors c equal to 79
set vectors c equal to 32
sets vectors c equal to 54
create global boolean boolean0 equal to 53
creates global boolean boolean0 equal to 75
define global boolean boolean0 equal to 7
defines global boolean boolean0 equal to 98
declare global boolean boolean0 equal to 61
declares global boolean boolean0 equal to 91
set global boolean boolean0 equal to 85
sets global boolean boolean0 equal to 88
create local boolean boolean0 equal to 100
creates local boolean boolean0 equal to 6
define local boolean boolean0 equal to 91
defines local boolean boolean0 equal to 27
declare local boolean boolean0 equal to 24
declares local boolean boolean0 equal to 88
set local boolean boolean0 equal to 86
sets local boolean boolean0 equal to 73
create boolean boolean0 equal to 25
creates boolean boolean0 equal to 15
define boolean boolean0 equal to 83
defines boolean boolean0 equal to 99
declare boolean boolean0 equal to 33
declares boolean boolean0 equal to 17
set boolean boolean0 equal to 55
sets boolean boolean0 equal to 66
create global boolean boolean1 equal to 85
creates global boolean boolean1 equal to 88
define global boolean boolean1 equal to 43
defines global boolean boolean1 equal to 36
declare global boolean boolean1 equal to 18
declares global boolean boolean1 equal to 2
set global boolean boolean1 equal to 60
sets global boolean boolean1 equal to 2
create local boolean boolean1 equal to 68
creates local boolean boolean1 equal to 15
define local boolean boolean1 equal to 92
defines local boolean boolean1 equal to 29
declare local boolean boolean1 equal to 15
declares local boolean boolean1 equal to 23
set local boolean boolean1 equal to 22
sets local boolean boolean1 equal to 22
create boolean boolean1 equal to 67
creates boolean boolean1 equal to 0
define boolean boolean1 equal to 42
defines boolean boolean1 equal to 84
declare boolean boolean1 equal to 17
declares boolean boolean1 equal to 36
set boolean boolean1 equal to 78
sets boolean boolean1 equal to 34
create global boolean boolean2 equal to 45
creates global boolean boolean2 equal to 68
define global boolean boolean2 equal to 14
defines global boolean boolean2 equal to 85
declare global boolean boolean2 equal to 37
declares global boolean boolean2 equal to 1
set global boolean boolean2 equal to 67
sets global boolean boolean2 equal to 68
create local boolean boolean2 equal to 12
creates local boolean boolean2 equal to 94
define local boolean boolean2 equal to 53
defines local boolean boolean2 equal to 2
declare local boolean boolean2 equal to 83
declares local boolean boolean2 equal to 54
set local boolean boolean2 equal to 0
sets local boolean boolean2 equal to 22
create boolean boolean2 equal to 46
creates boolean boolean2 equal to 54
define boolean boolean2 equal to 31
defines boolean boolean2 equal to 8
declare boolean boolean2 equal to 69
declares boolean boolean2 equal to 46
set boolean boolean2 equal to 89
sets boolean boolean2 equal to 73
create global boolean i equal to 61
creates global boolean i equal to 96
define global boolean i equal to 86
defines global boolean i equal to 92
declare global boolean i equal to 21
declares global boolean i equal to 89
set global boolean i equal to 80
sets global boolean i equal to 92
create local boolean i equal to 97
creates local boolean i equal to 71
define local boolean i equal to 73
defines local boolean i equal to 92
declare local boolean i equal to 71
declares local boolean i equal to 89
set local boolean i equal to 11
sets local boolean i equal to 81
create boolean i equal to 72
creates boolean i equal to 32
define boolean i equal to 55
defines boolean i equal to 78
declare boolean i equal to 72
declares boolean i equal to 90
set boolean i equal to 22
sets boolean i equal to 32
create global boolean j equal to 14
creates global boolean j equal to 26
define global boolean j equal to 0
defines global boolean j equal to 46
declare global boolean j equal to 40
declares global boolean j equal to 17
set global boolean j equal to 92
sets global boolean j equal to 13
create local boolean j equal to 44
creates local boolean j equal to 72
define local boolean j equal to 18
defines local boolean j equal to 79
declare local boolean j equal to 95
declares local boolean j equal to 55
set local boolean j equal to 25
sets local boolean j equal to 11
create boolean j equal to 27
creates boolean j equal to 99
define boolean j equal to 86
defines boolean j equal to 52
declare boolean j equal to 76
declares boolean j equal to 88
set boolean j equal to 8
sets boolean j equal to 23
create global boolean k equal to 61
creates global boolean k equal to 52
define global boolean k equal to 93
defines global boolean k equal to 68
declare global boolean k equal to 64
declares global boolean k equal to 71
set global boolean k equal to 57
sets global boolean k equal to 49
create local boolean k equal to 49
creates local boolean k equal to 72
define local boolean k equal to 84
defines local boolean k equal to 34
declare local boolean k equal to 83
declares local boolean k equal to 90
set local boolean k equal to 77
sets local boolean k equal to 96
create boolean k equal to 14
creates boolean k equal to 56
define boolean k equal to 65
defines boolean k equal to 76
declare boolean k equal to 3
declares boolean k equal to 84
set boolean k equal to 55
sets boolean k equal to 83
create global boolean a equal to 15
creates global boolean a equal to 77
define global boolean a equal to 80
defines global boolean a equal to 75
declare global boolean a equal to 60
declares global boolean a equal to 16
set global boolean a equal to 70
sets global boolean a equal to 67
create local boolean a equal to 33
creates local boolean a equal to 16
define local boolean a equal to 55
defines local boolean a equal to 57
declare local boolean a equal to 12
declares local boolean a equal to 62
set local boolean a equal to 32
sets local boolean a equal to 85
create boolean a equal to 93
creates boolean a equal to 14
define boolean a equal to 53
defines boolean a equal to 59
declare boolean a equal to 54
declares boolean a equal to 73
set boolean a equal to 47
sets boolean a equal to 6
create global boolean b equal to 76
creates global boolean b equal to 57
define global boolean b equal to 50
defines global boolean b equal to 50
declare global boolean b equal to 22
declares global boolean b equal to 74
set global boolean b equal to 13
sets global boolean b equal to 80
create local boolean b equal to 30
creates local boolean b equal to 71
define local boolean b equal to 5
defines local boolean b equal to 10
declare local boolean b equal to 20
declares local boolean b equal to 1
set local boolean b equal to 26
sets local boolean b equal to 24
create boolean b equal to 5
creates boolean b equal to 72
define boolean b equal to 92
defines boolean b equal to 18
declare boolean b equal to 21
declares boolean b equal to 20
set boolean b equal to 22
sets boolean b equal to 43
create global boolean c equal to 87
creates global boolean c equal to 79
define global boolean c equal to 43
defines global boolean c equal to 47
declare global boolean c equal to 46
declares global boolean c equal to 24
set global boolean c equal to 10
sets global boolean c equal to 23
create local boolean c equal to 94
creates local boolean c equal to 45
define local boolean c equal to 8
defines local boolean c equal to 20
declare local boolean c equal to 37
declares local boolean c equal to 90
set local boolean c equal to 99
sets local boolean c equal to 62
create boolean c equal to 41
creates boolean c equal to 68
define boolean c equal to 56
defines boolean c equal to 7
declare boolean c equal to 66
declares boolean c equal to 75
set boolean c equal to 56
sets boolean c equal to 37
create global booleans booleans0 equal to 97
creates global booleans booleans0 equal to 33
define global booleans booleans0 equal to 64
defines global booleans booleans0 equal to 25
declare global booleans booleans0 equal to 95
declares global booleans booleans0 equal to 26
set global booleans booleans0 equal to 97
sets global booleans booleans0 equal to 24
create local booleans booleans0 equal to 0
creates local booleans booleans0 equal to 0
define local booleans booleans0 equal to 37
defines local booleans booleans0 equal to 6
declare local booleans booleans0 equal to 95
declares local booleans booleans0 equal to 29
set local booleans booleans0 equal to 0
sets local booleans booleans0 equal to 47
create booleans booleans0 equal to 98
creates booleans booleans0 equal to 46
define booleans booleans0 equal to 78
defines booleans booleans0 equal to 4
declare booleans booleans0 equal to 0
declares booleans booleans0 equal to 44
set booleans booleans0 equal to 18
sets booleans booleans0 equal to 27
create global booleans booleans1 equal to 40
creates global booleans booleans1 equal to 29
define global booleans booleans1 equal to 15
defines global booleans booleans1 equal to 76
declare global booleans booleans1 equal to 97
declares global booleans booleans1 equal to 18
set global booleans booleans1 equal to 77
sets global booleans booleans1 equal to 70
create local booleans booleans1 equal to 10
creates local booleans booleans1 equal to 89
define local booleans booleans1 equal to 85
defines local booleans booleans1 equal to 69
declare local booleans booleans1 equal to 45
declares local booleans booleans1 equal to 38
set local booleans booleans1 equal to 80
sets local booleans booleans1 equal to 4
create booleans booleans1 equal to 8
creates booleans booleans1 equal to 41
define booleans booleans1 equal to 37
defines booleans booleans1 equal to 82
declare booleans booleans1 equal to 34
declares booleans booleans1 equal to 75
set booleans booleans1 equal to 63
sets booleans booleans1 equal to 12
create global booleans booleans2 equal to 53
creates global booleans booleans2 equal to 98
define global booleans booleans2 equal to 47
defines global booleans booleans2 equal to 22
declare global booleans booleans2 equal to 67
declares global booleans booleans2 equal to 18
set global booleans booleans2 equal to 20
sets global booleans booleans2 equal to 28
create local booleans booleans2 equal to 57
creates local booleans booleans2 equal to 31
define local booleans booleans2 equal to 14
defines local booleans booleans2 equal to 15
declare local booleans booleans2 equal to 21
declares local booleans booleans2 equal to 8
set local booleans booleans2 equal to 21
sets local booleans booleans2 equal to 48
create booleans booleans2 equal to 18
creates booleans booleans2 equal to 53
define booleans booleans2 equal to 91
defines booleans booleans2 equal to 65
declare booleans booleans2 equal to 95
declares booleans booleans2 equal to 49
set booleans booleans2 equal to 97
sets booleans booleans2 equal to 49
create global booleans i equal to 31
creates global booleans i equal to 90
define global booleans i equal to 30
defines global booleans i equal to 46
declare global booleans i equal to 11
declares global booleans i equal to 78
set global booleans i equal to 78
sets global booleans i equal to 86
create local booleans i equal to 19
creates local booleans i equal to 5
define local booleans i equal to 67
defines local booleans i equal to 27
declare local booleans i equal to 62
declares local booleans i equal to 38
set local booleans i equal to 13
sets local booleans i equal to 52
create booleans i equal to 89
creates booleans i equal to 35
define booleans i equal to 77
defines booleans i equal to 96
declare booleans i equal to 66
declares booleans i equal to 71
set booleans i equal to 33
sets booleans i equal to 34
create global booleans j equal to 82
creates global booleans j equal to 60
define global booleans j equal to 15
defines global booleans j equal to 58
declare global booleans j equal to 3
declares global booleans j equal to 16
set global booleans j equal to 2
sets global booleans j equal to 0
create local booleans j equal to 10
creates local booleans j equal to 87
define local booleans j equal to 72
defines local booleans j equal to 72
declare local booleans j equal to 59
declares local booleans j equal to 36
set local booleans j equal to 21
sets local booleans j equal to 39
create booleans j equal to 94
creates booleans j equal to 46
define booleans j equal to 2
defines booleans j equal to 32
declare booleans j equal to 24
declares booleans j equal to 23
set booleans j equal to 29
sets booleans j equal to 49
create global booleans k equal to 34
creates global booleans k equal to 7
define global booleans k equal to 80
defines global booleans k equal to 32
declare global booleans k equal to 86
declares global booleans k equal to 34
set global booleans k equal to 38
sets global booleans k equal to 46
create local booleans k equal to 0
creates local booleans k equal to 46
define local booleans k equal to 14
defines local booleans k equal to 49
declare local booleans k equal to 26
declares local booleans k equal to 53
set local booleans k equal to 47
sets local booleans k equal to 1
create booleans k equal to 85
creates booleans k equal to 67
define booleans k equal to 71
defines booleans k equal to 76
declare booleans k equal to 28
declares booleans k equal to 20
set booleans k equal to 80
sets booleans k equal to 27
create global booleans a equal to 70
creates global booleans a equal to 10
define global booleans a equal to 21
defines global booleans a equal to 48
declare global booleans a equal to 79
declares global booleans a equal to 30
set global booleans a equal to 23
sets global booleans a equal to 15
create local booleans a equal to 70
creates local booleans a equal to 81
define local booleans a equal to 20
defines local booleans a equal to 18
declare local booleans a equal to 90
declares local booleans a equal to 44
set local booleans a equal to 80
sets local booleans a equal to 67
create booleans a equal to 20
creates booleans a equal to 66
define booleans a equal to 55
defines booleans a equal to 12
declare booleans a equal to 12
declares booleans a equal to 18
set booleans a equal to 82
sets booleans a equal to 15
create global booleans b equal to 83
creates global booleans b equal to 10
define global booleans b equal to 66
defines global booleans b equal to 36
declare global booleans b equal to 0
declares global booleans b equal to 59
set global booleans b equal to 66
sets global booleans b equal to 82
create local booleans b equal to 27
creates local booleans b equal to 13
define local booleans b equal to 26
defines local booleans b equal to 6
declare local booleans b equal to 7
declares local booleans b equal to 75
set local booleans b equal to 63
sets local booleans b equal to 84
create booleans b equal to 43
creates booleans b equal to 29
define booleans b equal to 19
defines booleans b equal to 64
declare booleans b equal to 44
declares booleans b equal to 21
set booleans b equal to 30
sets booleans b equal to 39
create global booleans c equal to 50
creates global booleans c equal to 74
define global booleans c equal to 23
defines global booleans c equal to 38
declare global booleans c equal to 84
declares global booleans c equal to 5
set global booleans c equal to 76
sets global booleans c equal to 75
create local booleans c equal to 14
creates local booleans c equal to 77
define local booleans c equal to 89
defines local booleans c equal to 15
declare local booleans c equal to 59
declares local booleans c equal to 60
set local booleans c equal to 41
sets local booleans c equal to 57
create booleans c equal to 63
creates booleans c equal to 97
define booleans c equal to 0
defines booleans c equal to 59
declare booleans c equal to 25
declares booleans c equal to 86
set booleans c equal to 43
sets booleans c equal to 92
create global bool bool0 equal to 9
creates global bool bool0 equal to 3
define global bool bool0 equal to 78
defines global bool bool0 equal to 25
declare global bool bool0 equal to 92
declares global bool bool0 equal to 0
set global bool bool0 equal to 57
sets global bool bool0 equal to 54
create local bool bool0 equal to 88
creates local bool bool0 equal to 93
define local bool bool0 equal to 89
defines local bool bool0 equal to 20
declare local bool bool0 equal to 77
declares local bool bool0 equal to 53
set local bool bool0 equal to 51
sets local bool bool0 equal to 13
create bool bool0 equal to 72
creates bool bool0 equal to 16
define bool bool0 equal to 63
defines bool bool0 equal to 31
declare bool bool0 equal to 38
declares bool bool0 equal to 31
set bool bool0 equal to 50
sets bool bool0 equal to 35
create global bool bool1 equal to 56
creates global bool bool1 equal to 100
define global bool bool1 equal to 93
defines global bool bool1 equal to 31
declare global bool bool1 equal to 36
declares global bool bool1 equal to 67
set global bool bool1 equal to 86
sets global bool bool1 equal to 48
create local bool bool1 equal to 54
creates local bool bool1 equal to 25
define local bool bool1 equal to 66
defines local bool bool1 equal to 12
declare local bool bool1 equal to 75
declares local bool bool1 equal to 50
set local bool bool1 equal to 63
sets local bool bool1 equal to 38
create bool bool1 equal to 69
creates bool bool1 equal to 91
define bool bool1 equal to 50
defines bool bool1 equal to 14
declare bool bool1 equal to 61
declares bool bool1 equal to 77
set bool bool1 equal to 25
sets bool bool1 equal to 86
create global bool bool2 equal to 66
creates global bool bool2 equal to 52
define global bool bool2 equal to 95
defines global bool bool2 equal to 63
declare global bool bool2 equal to 50
declares global bool bool2 equal to 97
set global bool bool2 equal to 38
sets global bool bool2 equal to 12
create local bool bool2 equal to 27
creates local bool bool2 equal to 71
define local bool bool2 equal to 4
defines local bool bool2 equal to 91
declare local bool bool2 equal to 77
declares local bool bool2 equal to 58
set local bool bool2 equal to 92
sets local bool bool2 equal to 68
create bool bool2 equal to 43
creates bool bool2 equal to 56
define bool bool2 equal to 69
defines bool bool2 equal to 98
declare bool bool2 equal to 91
declares bool bool2 equal to 18
set bool bool2 equal to 9
sets bool bool2 equal to 68
create global bool i equal to 19
creates global bool i equal to 88
define global bool i equal to 65
defines global bool i equal to 83
declare global bool i equal to 99
declares global bool i equal to 76
set global bool i equal to 8
sets global bool i equal to 62
create local bool i equal to 92
creates local bool i equal to 29
define local bool i equal to 99
defines local bool i equal to 68
declare local bool i equal to 97
declares local bool i equal to 85
set local bool i equal to 61
sets local bool i equal to 50
create bool i equal to 25
creates bool i equal to 61
define bool i equal to 13
defines bool i equal to 61
declare bool i equal to 11
declares bool i equal to 26
set bool i equal to 76
sets bool i equal to 94
create global bool j equal to 58
creates global bool j equal to 42
define global bool j equal to 89
defines global bool j equal to 77
declare global bool j equal to 49
declares global bool j equal to 58
set global bool j equal to 38
sets global bool j equal to 18
create local bool j equal to 78
creates local bool j equal to 30
define local bool j equal to 38
defines local bool j equal to 42
declare local bool j equal to 90
declares local bool j equal to 84
set local bool j equal to 62
sets local bool j equal to 62
create bool j equal to 29
creates bool j equal to 100
define bool j equal to 77
defines bool j equal to 92
declare bool j equal to 43
declares bool j equal to 70
set bool j equal to 90
sets bool j equal to 41
create global bool k equal to 49
creates global bool k equal to 12
define global bool k equal to 2
defines global bool k equal to 88
declare global bool k equal to 59
declares global bool k equal to 78
set global bool k equal to 79
sets global bool k equal to 73
create local bool k equal to 82
creates local bool k equal to 49
define local bool k equal to 60
defines local bool k equal to 71
declare local bool k equal to 73
declares local bool k equal to 3
set local bool k equal to 86
sets local bool k equal to 76
create bool k equal to 26
creates bool k equal to 6
define bool k equal to 88
defines bool k equal to 25
declare bool k equal to 88
declares bool k equal to 31
set bool k equal to 54
sets bool k equal to 17
create global bool a equal to 8
creates global bool a equal to 2
define global bool a equal to 15
defines global bool a equal to 32
declare global bool a equal to 48
declares global bool a equal to 2
set global bool a equal to 3
sets global bool a equal to 1
create local bool a equal to 100
creates local bool a equal to 45
define local bool a equal to 78
defines local bool a equal to 56
declare local bool a equal to 13
declares local bool a equal to 21
set local bool a equal to 64
sets local bool a equal to 66
create bool a equal to 22
creates bool a equal to 38
define bool a equal to 52
defines bool a equal to 96
declare bool a equal to 69
declares bool a equal to 4
set bool a equal to 2
sets bool a equal to 32
create global bool b equal to 12
creates global bool b equal to 9
define global bool b equal to 27
defines global bool b equal to 38
declare global bool b equal to 67
declares global bool b equal to 84
set global bool b equal to 17
sets global bool b equal to 16
create local bool b equal to 10
creates local bool b equal to 53
define local bool b equal to 1
defines local bool b equal to 17
declare local bool b equal to 23
declares local bool b equal to 88
set local bool b equal to 27
sets local bool b equal to 63
create bool b equal to 6
creates bool b equal to 45
define bool b equal to 74
defines bool b equal to 42
declare bool b equal to 88
declares bool b equal to 61
set bool b equal to 42
sets bool b equal to 87
create global bool c equal to 16
creates global bool c equal to 30
define global bool c equal to 28
defines global bool c equal to 18
declare global bool c equal to 98
declares global bool c equal to 17
set global bool c equal to 13
sets global bool c equal to 100
create local bool c equal to 71
creates local bool c equal to 54
define local bool c equal to 2
defines local bool c equal to 43
declare local bool c equal to 18
declares local bool c equal to 9
set local bool c equal to 12
sets local bool c equal to 9
create bool c equal to 9
creates bool c equal to 25
define bool c equal to 47
defines bool c equal to 98
declare bool c equal to 34
declares bool c equal to 30
set bool c equal to 17
sets bool c equal to 100
create global bools bools0 equal to 89
creates global bools bools0 equal to 41
define global bools bools0 equal to 50
defines global bools bools0 equal to 85
declare global bools bools0 equal to 86
declares global bools bools0 equal to 23
set global bools bools0 equal to 26
sets global bools bools0 equal to 9
create local bools bools0 equal to 7
creates local bools bools0 equal to 61
define local bools bools0 equal to 78
defines local bools bools0 equal to 94
declare local bools bools0 equal to 4
declares local bools bools0 equal to 4
set local bools bools0 equal to 18
sets local bools bools0 equal to 7
create bools bools0 equal to 56
creates bools bools0 equal to 93
define bools bools0 equal to 27
defines bools bools0 equal to 11
declare bools bools0 equal to 30
declares bools bools0 equal to 28
set bools bools0 equal to 67
sets bools bools0 equal to 42
create global bools bools1 equal to 16
creates global bools bools1 equal to 15
define global bools bools1 equal to 40
defines global bools bools1 equal to 64
declare global bools bools1 equal to 61
declares global bools bools1 equal to 19
set global bools bools1 equal to 89
sets global bools bools1 equal to 96
create local bools bools1 equal to 30
creates local bools bools1 equal to 4
define local bools bools1 equal to 55
defines local bools bools1 equal to 61
declare local bools bools1 equal to 30
declares local bools bools1 equal to 67
set local bools bools1 equal to 69
sets local bools bools1 equal to 93
create bools bools1 equal to 100
creates bools bools1 equal to 55
define bools bools1 equal to 48
defines bools bools1 equal to 72
declare bools bools1 equal to 34
declares bools bools1 equal to 38
set bools bools1 equal to 56
sets bools bools1 equal to 29
create global bools bools2 equal to 34
creates global bools bools2 equal to 54
define global bools bools2 equal to 93
defines global bools bools2 equal to 73
declare global bools bools2 equal to 30
declares global bools bools2 equal to 34
set global bools bools2 equal to 56
sets global bools bools2 equal to 61
create local bools bools2 equal to 25
creates local bools bools2 equal to 7
define local bools bools2 equal to 30
defines local bools bools2 equal to 57
declare local bools bools2 equal to 82
declares local bools bools2 equal to 30
set local bools bools2 equal to 54
sets local bools bools2 equal to 44
create bools bools2 equal to 14
creates bools bools2 equal to 55
define bools bools2 equal to 36
defines bools bools2 equal to 78
declare bools bools2 equal to 26
declares bools bools2 equal to 25
set bools bools2 equal to 45
sets bools bools2 equal to 33
create global bools i equal to 49
creates global bools i equal to 60
define global bools i equal to 77
defines global bools i equal to 24
declare global bools i equal to 50
declares global bools i equal to 87
set global bools i equal to 9
sets global bools i equal to 43
create local bools i equal to 50
creates local bools i equal to 35
define local bools i equal to 72
defines local bools i equal to 45
declare local bools i equal to 92
declares local bools i equal to 25
set local bools i equal to 72
sets local bools i equal to 83
create bools i equal to 36
creates bools i equal to 42
define bools i equal to 27
defines bools i equal to 69
declare bools i equal to 4
declares bools i equal to 96
set bools i equal to 43
sets bools i equal to 94
create global bools j equal to 68
creates global bools j equal to 92
define global bools j equal to 40
defines global bools j equal to 24
declare global bools j equal to 71
declares global bools j equal to 81
set global bools j equal to 25
sets global bools j equal to 100
create local bools j equal to 32
creates local bools j equal to 31
define local bools j equal to 70
defines local bools j equal to 70
declare local bools j equal to 52
declares local bools j equal to 84
set local bools j equal to 43
sets local bools j equal to 24
create bools j equal to 53
creates bools j equal to 51
define bools j equal to 34
defines bools j equal to 77
declare bools j equal to 37
declares bools j equal to 92
set bools j equal to 79
sets bools j equal to 16
create global bools k equal to 43
creates global bools k equal to 48
define global bools k equal to 66
defines global bools k equal to 37
declare global bools k equal to 12
declares global bools k equal to 18
set global bools k equal to 46
sets global bools k equal to 100
create local bools k equal to 50
creates local bools k equal to 45
define local bools k equal to 20
defines local bools k equal to 44
declare local bools k equal to 12
declares local bools k equal to 23
set local bools k equal to 87
sets local bools k equal to 64
create bools k equal to 17
creates bools k equal to 40
define bools k equal to 58
defines bools k equal to 98
declare bools k equal to 87
declares bools k equal to 76
set bools k equal to 18
sets bools k equal to 89
create global bools a equal to 99
creates global bools a equal to 3
define global bools a equal to 58
defines global bools a equal to 36
declare global bools a equal to 86
declares global bools a equal to 49
set global bools a equal to 86
sets global bools a equal to 96
create local bools a equal to 74
creates local bools a equal to 96
define local bools a equal to 61
defines local bools a equal to 50
declare local bools a equal to 21
declares local bools a equal to 22
set local bools a equal to 36
sets local bools a equal to 70
create bools a equal to 17
creates bools a equal to 42
define bools a equal to 51
defines bools a equal to 26
declare bools a equal to 73
declares bools a equal to 50
set bools a equal to 80
sets bools a equal to 85
create global bools b equal to 20
creates global bools b equal to 10
define global bools b equal to 76
defines global bools b equal to 50
declare global bools b equal to 95
declares global bools b equal to 39
set global bools b equal to 85
sets global bools b equal to 18
create local bools b equal to 47
creates local bools b equal to 44
define local bools b equal to 43
defines local bools b equal to 3
declare local bools b equal to 6
declares local bools b equal to 90
set local bools b equal to 62
sets local bools b equal to 31
create bools b equal to 100
creates bools b equal to 0
define bools b equal to 14
defines bools b equal to 76
declare bools b equal to 37
declares bools b equal to 14
set bools b equal to 64
sets bools b equal to 48
create global bools c equal to 28
creates global bools c equal to 26
define global bools c equal to 77
defines global bools c equal to 4
declare global bools c equal to 51
declares global bools c equal to 61
set global bools c equal to 58
sets global bools c equal to 8
create local bools c equal to 100
creates local bools c equal to 46
define local bools c equal to 94
defines local bools c equal to 19
declare local bools c equal to 96
declares local bools c equal to 7
set local bools c equal to 36
sets local bools c equal to 1
create bools c equal to 73
creates bools c equal to 12
define bools c equal to 48
defines bools c equal to 79
declare bools c equal to 8
declares bools c equal to 14
set bools c equal to 14
sets bools c equal to 1
create global class class0 equal to 62
creates global class class0 equal to 99
define global class class0 equal to 85
defines global class class0 equal to 9
declare global class class0 equal to 29
declares global class class0 equal to 87
set global class class0 equal to 96
sets global class class0 equal to 30
create local class class0 equal to 0
creates local class class0 equal to 39
define local class class0 equal to 21
defines local class class0 equal to 91
declare local class class0 equal to 89
declares local class class0 equal to 99
set local class class0 equal to 30
sets local class class0 equal to 88
create class class0 equal to 67
creates class class0 equal to 29
define class class0 equal to 31
defines class class0 equal to 61
declare class class0 equal to 18
declares class class0 equal to 44
set class class0 equal to 81
sets class class0 equal to 14
create global class class1 equal to 74
creates global class class1 equal to 74
define global class class1 equal to 14
defines global class class1 equal to 59
declare global class class1 equal to 25
declares global class class1 equal to 86
set global class class1 equal to 72
sets global class class1 equal to 62
create local class class1 equal to 60
creates local class class1 equal to 43
define local class class1 equal to 19
defines local class class1 equal to 53
declare local class class1 equal to 2
declares local class class1 equal to 26
set local class class1 equal to 71
sets local class class1 equal to 7
create class class1 equal to 75
creates class class1 equal to 1
define class class1 equal to 52
defines class class1 equal to 59
declare class class1 equal to 48
declares class class1 equal to 89
set class class1 equal to 1
sets class class1 equal to 88
create global class class2 equal to 84
creates global class class2 equal to 94
define global class class2 equal to 16
defines global class class2 equal to 83
declare global class class2 equal to 93
declares global class class2 equal to 54
set global class class2 equal to 6
sets global class class2 equal to 64
create local class class2 equal to 78
creates local class class2 equal to 13
define local class class2 equal to 28
defines local class class2 equal to 55
declare local class class2 equal to 74
declares local class class2 equal to 97
set local class class2 equal to 84
sets local class class2 equal to 2
create class class2 equal to 40
creates class class2 equal to 27
define class class2 equal to 51
defines class class2 equal to 8
declare class class2 equal to 10
declares class class2 equal to 36
set class class2 equal to 66
sets class class2 equal to 50
create global class i equal to 41
creates global class i equal to 61
define global class i equal to 53
defines global class i equal to 65
declare global class i equal to 9
declares global class i equal to 27
set global class i equal to 2
sets global class i equal to 46
create local class i equal to 13
creates local class i equal to 59
define local class i equal to 37
defines local class i equal to 95
declare local class i equal to 67
declares local class i equal to 52
set local class i equal to 92
sets local class i equal to 99
create class i equal to 8
creates class i equal to 10
define class i equal to 5
defines class i equal to 65
declare class i equal to 66
declares class i equal to 48
set class i equal to 83
sets class i equal to 65
create global class j equal to 86
creates global class j equal to 18
define global class j equal to 54
defines global class j equal to 57
declare global class j equal to 91
declares global class j equal to 67
set global class j equal to 27
sets global class j equal to 13
create local class j equal to 32
creates local class j equal to 69
define local class j equal to 12
defines local class j equal to 34
declare local class j equal to 66
declares local class j equal to 70
set local class j equal to 83
sets local class j equal to 0
create class j equal to 94
creates class j equal to 2
define class j equal to 44
defines class j equal to 44
declare class j equal to 9
declares class j equal to 1
set class j equal to 36
sets class j equal to 17
create global class k equal to 53
creates global class k equal to 41
define global class k equal to 61
defines global class k equal to 58
declare global class k equal to 70
declares global class k equal to 5
set global class k equal to 33
sets global class k equal to 42
create local class k equal to 66
creates local class k equal to 94
define local class k equal to 85
defines local class k equal to 49
declare local class k equal to 82
declares local class k equal to 20
set local class k equal to 88
sets local class k equal to 68
create class k equal to 38
creates class k equal to 4
define class k equal to 33
defines class k equal to 91
declare class k equal to 52
declares class k equal to 93
set class k equal to 71
sets class k equal to 13
create global class a equal to 6
creates global class a equal to 0
define global class a equal to 43
defines global class a equal to 3
declare global class a equal to 18
declares global class a equal to 10
set global class a equal to 24
sets global class a equal to 33
create local class a equal to 14
creates local class a equal to 44
define local class a equal to 17
defines local class a equal to 26
declare local class a equal to 44
declares local class a equal to 82
set local class a equal to 70
sets local class a equal to 1
create class a equal to 32
creates class a equal to 87
define class a equal to 28
defines class a equal to 63
declare class a equal to 53
declares class a equal to 92
set class a equal to 69
sets class a equal to 44
create global class b equal to 55
creates global class b equal to 18
define global class b equal to 58
defines global class b equal to 64
declare global class b equal to 32
declares global class b equal to 71
set global class b equal to 22
sets global class b equal to 87
create local class b equal to 32
creates local class b equal to 52
define local class b equal to 10
defines local class b equal to 50
declare local class b equal to 13
declares local class b equal to 51
set local class b equal to 31
sets local class b equal to 88
create class b equal to 94
creates class b equal to 26
define class b equal to 64
defines class b equal to 52
declare class b equal to 22
declares class b equal to 98
set class b equal to 55
sets class b equal to 23
create global class c equal to 88
creates global class c equal to 16
define global class c equal to 99
defines global class c equal to 8
declare global class c equal to 49
declares global class c equal to 79
set global class c equal to 49
sets global class c equal to 57
create local class c equal to 59
creates local class c equal to 41
define local class c equal to 79
defines local class c equal to 73
declare local class c equal to 29
declares local class c equal to 61
set local class c equal to 17
sets local class c equal to 65
create class c equal to 79
creates class c equal to 85
define class c equal to 47
defines class c equal to 11
declare class c equal to 32
declares class c equal to 28
set class c equal to 90
sets class c equal to 6
create global classes classes0 equal to 79
creates global classes classes0 equal to 96
define global classes classes0 equal to 89
defines global classes classes0 equal to 9
declare global classes classes0 equal to 29
declares global classes classes0 equal to 89
set global classes classes0 equal to 43
sets global classes classes0 equal to 28
create local classes classes0 equal to 52
creates local classes classes0 equal to 90
define local classes classes0 equal to 94
defines local classes classes0 equal to 39
declare local classes classes0 equal to 3
declares local classes classes0 equal to 95
set local classes classes0 equal to 48
sets local classes classes0 equal to 100
create classes classes0 equal to 54
creates classes classes0 equal to 9
define classes classes0 equal to 93
defines classes classes0 equal to 98
declare classes classes0 equal to 68
declares classes classes0 equal to 26
set classes classes0 equal to 34
sets classes classes0 equal to 34
create global classes classes1 equal to 52
creates global classes classes1 equal to 93
define global classes classes1 equal to 13
defines global classes classes1 equal to 70
declare global classes classes1 equal to 90
declares global classes classes1 equal to 46
set global classes classes1 equal to 81
sets global classes classes1 equal to 65
create local classes classes1 equal to 3
creates local classes classes1 equal to 7
define local classes classes1 equal to 72
defines local classes classes1 equal to 90
declare local classes classes1 equal to 26
declares local classes classes1 equal to 22
set local classes classes1 equal to 88
sets local classes classes1 equal to 60
create classes classes1 equal to 42
creates classes classes1 equal to 64
define classes classes1 equal to 70
defines classes classes1 equal to 49
declare classes classes1 equal to 29
declares classes classes1 equal to 25
set classes classes1 equal to 85
sets classes classes1 equal to 46
create global classes classes2 equal to 98
creates global classes classes2 equal to 35
define global classes classes2 equal to 57
defines global classes classes2 equal to 100
declare global classes classes2 equal to 23
declares global classes classes2 equal to 55
set global classes classes2 equal to 79
sets global classes classes2 equal to 35
create local classes classes2 equal to 67
creates local classes classes2 equal to 18
define local classes classes2 equal to 37
defines local classes classes2 equal to 62
declare local classes classes2 equal to 68
declares local classes classes2 equal to 2
set local classes classes2 equal to 99
sets local classes classes2 equal to 19
create classes classes2 equal to 60
creates classes classes2 equal to 40
define classes classes2 equal to 11
defines classes classes2 equal to 21
declare classes classes2 equal to 99
declares classes classes2 equal to 14
set classes classes2 equal to 28
sets classes classes2 equal to 88
create global classes i equal to 83
creates global classes i equal to 83
define global classes i equal to 70
defines global classes i equal to 16
declare global classes i equal to 85
declares global classes i equal to 74
set global classes i equal to 89
sets global classes i equal to 78
create local classes i equal to 93
creates local classes i equal to 59
define local classes i equal to 89
defines local classes i equal to 72
declare local classes i equal to 80
declares local classes i equal to 72
set local classes i equal to 14
sets local classes i equal to 30
create classes i equal to 78
creates classes i equal to 87
define classes i equal to 32
defines classes i equal to 75
declare classes i equal to 91
declares classes i equal to 72
set classes i equal to 52
sets classes i equal to 66
create global classes j equal to 27
creates global classes j equal to 41
define global classes j equal to 67
defines global classes j equal to 14
declare global classes j equal to 78
declares global classes j equal to 78
set global classes j equal to 73
sets global classes j equal to 51
create local classes j equal to 34
creates local classes j equal to 78
define local classes j equal to 6
defines local classes j equal to 23
declare local classes j equal to 89
declares local classes j equal to 80
set local classes j equal to 36
sets local classes j equal to 32
create classes j equal to 42
creates classes j equal to 43
define classes j equal to 83
defines classes j equal to 53
declare classes j equal to 76
declares classes j equal to 93
set classes j equal to 57
sets classes j equal to 14
create global classes k equal to 77
creates global classes k equal to 68
define global classes k equal to 58
defines global classes k equal to 25
declare global classes k equal to 37
declares global classes k equal to 65
set global classes k equal to 98
sets global classes k equal to 80
create local classes k equal to 8
creates local classes k equal to 23
define local classes k equal to 15
defines local classes k equal to 64
declare local classes k equal to 14
declares local classes k equal to 68
set local classes k equal to 12
sets local classes k equal to 60
create classes k equal to 55
creates classes k equal to 37
define classes k equal to 82
defines classes k equal to 93
declare classes k equal to 36
declares classes k equal to 99
set classes k equal to 72
sets classes k equal to 11
create global classes a equal to 8
creates global classes a equal to 23
define global classes a equal to 76
defines global classes a equal to 69
declare global classes a equal to 52
declares global classes a equal to 49
set global classes a equal to 63
sets global classes a equal to 54
create local classes a equal to 53
creates local classes a equal to 50
define local classes a equal to 43
defines local classes a equal to 86
declare local classes a equal to 11
declares local classes a equal to 52
set local classes a equal to 49
sets local classes a equal to 49
create classes a equal to 2
creates classes a equal to 60
define classes a equal to 11
defines classes a equal to 66
declare classes a equal to 59
declares classes a equal to 71
set classes a equal to 51
sets classes a equal to 99
create global classes b equal to 83
creates global classes b equal to 83
define global classes b equal to 60
defines global classes b equal to 94
declare global classes b equal to 50
declares global classes b equal to 15
set global classes b equal to 38
sets global classes b equal to 77
create local classes b equal to 53
creates local classes b equal to 45
define local classes b equal to 6
defines local classes b equal to 30
declare local classes b equal to 87
declares local classes b equal to 47
set local classes b equal to 98
sets local classes b equal to 7
create classes b equal to 26
creates classes b equal to 66
define classes b equal to 93
defines classes b equal to 43
declare classes b equal to 91
declares classes b equal to 12
set classes b equal to 6
sets classes b equal to 14
create global classes c equal to 30
creates global classes c equal to 44
define global classes c equal to 31
defines global classes c equal to 72
declare global classes c equal to 99
declares global classes c equal to 81
set global classes c equal to 50
sets global classes c equal to 61
create local classes c equal to 12
creates local classes c equal to 59
define local classes c equal to 1
defines local classes c equal to 4
declare local classes c equal to 94
declares local classes c equal to 90
set local classes c equal to 6
sets local classes c equal to 7
create classes c equal to 96
creates classes c equal to 66
define classes c equal to 100
defines classes c equal to 72
declare classes c equal to 6
declares classes c equal to 29
set classes c equal to 74
sets classes c equal to 36
create global void void0 equal to 52
creates global void void0 equal to 4
define global void void0 equal to 99
defines global void void0 equal to 37
declare global void void0 equal to 81
declares global void void0 equal to 49
set global void void0 equal to 18
sets global void void0 equal to 2
create local void void0 equal to 97
creates local void void0 equal to 47
define local void void0 equal to 68
defines local void void0 equal to 63
declare local void void0 equal to 59
declares local void void0 equal to 21
set local void void0 equal to 36
sets local void void0 equal to 91
create void void0 equal to 35
creates void void0 equal to 89
define void void0 equal to 4
defines void void0 equal to 10
declare void void0 equal to 36
declares void void0 equal to 78
set void void0 equal to 23
sets void void0 equal to 90
create global void void1 equal to 58
creates global void void1 equal to 80
define global void void1 equal to 41
defines global void void1 equal to 71
declare global void void1 equal to 31
declares global void void1 equal to 53
set global void void1 equal to 84
sets global void void1 equal to 12
create local void void1 equal to 43
creates local void void1 equal to 48
define local void void1 equal to 83
defines local void void1 equal to 9
declare local void void1 equal to 66
declares local void void1 equal to 80
set local void void1 equal to 90
sets local void void1 equal to 18
create void void1 equal to 50
creates void void1 equal to 9
define void void1 equal to 71
defines void void1 equal to 78
declare void void1 equal to 69
declares void void1 equal to 12
set void void1 equal to 57
sets void void1 equal to 36
create global void void2 equal to 92
creates global void void2 equal to 3
define global void void2 equal to 81
defines global void void2 equal to 24
declare global void void2 equal to 33
declares global void void2 equal to 73
set global void void2 equal to 27
sets global void void2 equal to 14
create local void void2 equal to 44
creates local void void2 equal to 71
define local void void2 equal to 42
defines local void void2 equal to 58
declare local void void2 equal to 87
declares local void void2 equal to 33
set local void void2 equal to 21
sets local void void2 equal to 74
create void void2 equal to 97
creates void void2 equal to 54
define void void2 equal to 52
defines void void2 equal to 91
declare void void2 equal to 11
declares void void2 equal to 89
set void void2 equal to 9
sets void void2 equal to 58
create global void i equal to 53
creates global void i equal to 18
define global void i equal to 24
defines global void i equal to 68
declare global void i equal to 61
declares global void i equal to 76
set global void i equal to 36
sets global void i equal to 30
create local void i equal to 17
creates local void i equal to 68
define local void i equal to 45
defines local void i equal to 2
declare local void i equal to 77
declares local void i equal to 49
set local void i equal to 0
sets local void i equal to 41
create void i equal to 5
creates void i equal to 32
define void i equal to 72
defines void i equal to 80
declare void i equal to 26
declares void i equal to 61
set void i equal to 28
sets void i equal to 74
create global void j equal to 25
creates global void j equal to 29
define global void j equal to 96
defines global void j equal to 44
declare global void j equal to 27
declares global void j equal to 5
set global void j equal to 48
sets global void j equal to 91
create local void j equal to 16
creates local void j equal to 27
define local void j equal to 10
defines local void j equal to 88
declare local void j equal to 80
declares local void j equal to 7
set local void j equal to 95
sets local void j equal to 80
create void j equal to 63
creates void j equal to 10
define void j equal to 91
defines void j equal to 56
declare void j equal to 54
declares void j equal to 58
set void j equal to 86
sets void j equal to 65
create global void k equal to 33
creates global void k equal to 18
define global void k equal to 41
defines global void k equal to 87
declare global void k equal to 88
declares global void k equal to 8
set global void k equal to 3
sets global void k equal to 41
create local void k equal to 93
creates local void k equal to 61
define local void k equal to 57
defines local void k equal to 57
declare local void k equal to 51
declares local void k equal to 14
set local void k equal to 41
sets local void k equal to 97
create void k equal to 62
creates void k equal to 34
define void k equal to 78
defines void k equal to 93
declare void k equal to 69
declares void k equal to 89
set void k equal to 88
sets void k equal to 15
create global void a equal to 78
creates global void a equal to 30
define global void a equal to 9
defines global void a equal to 20
declare global void a equal to 47
declares global void a equal to 1
set global void a equal to 91
sets global void a equal to 66
create local void a equal to 31
creates local void a equal to 40
define local void a equal to 16
defines local void a equal to 16
declare local void a equal to 33
declares local void a equal to 84
set local void a equal to 77
sets local void a equal to 50
create void a equal to 94
creates void a equal to 19
define void a equal to 38
defines void a equal to 10
declare void a equal to 91
declares void a equal to 53
set void a equal to 95
sets void a equal to 92
create global void b equal to 71
creates global void b equal to 51
define global void b equal to 21
defines global void b equal to 31
declare global void b equal to 63
declares global void b equal to 70
set global void b equal to 99
sets global void b equal to 84
create local void b equal to 60
creates local void b equal to 75
define local void b equal to 18
defines local void b equal to 0
declare local void b equal to 85
declares local void b equal to 49
set local void b equal to 31
sets local void b equal to 60
create void b equal to 56
creates void b equal to 14
define void b equal to 23
defines void b equal to 35
declare void b equal to 12
declares void b equal to 8
set void b equal to 33
sets void b equal to 39
create global void c equal to 48
creates global void c equal to 83
define global void c equal to 44
defines global void c equal to 83
declare global void c equal to 18
declares global void c equal to 21
set global void c equal to 21
sets global void c equal to 73
create local void c equal to 100
creates local void c equal to 77
define local void c equal to 95
defines local void c equal to 2
declare local void c equal to 18
declares local void c equal to 73
set local void c equal to 100
sets local void c equal to 84
create void c equal to 45
creates void c equal to 90
define void c equal to 77
defines void c equal to 91
declare void c equal to 33
declares void c equal to 93
set void c equal to 36
sets void c equal to 89
create global voids voids0 equal to 94
creates global voids voids0 equal to 15
define global voids voids0 equal to 3
defines global voids voids0 equal to 75
declare global voids voids0 equal to 13
declares global voids voids0 equal to 99
set global voids voids0 equal to 0
sets global voids voids0 equal to 24
create local voids voids0 equal to 88
creates local voids voids0 equal to 19
define local voids voids0 equal to 48
defines local voids voids0 equal to 46
declare local voids voids0 equal to 13
declares local voids voids0 equal to 46
set local voids voids0 equal to 98
sets local voids voids0 equal to 33
create voids voids0 equal to 46
creates voids voids0 equal to 66
define voids voids0 equal to 71
defines voids voids0 equal to 60
declare voids voids0 equal to 96
declares voids voids0 equal to 11
set voids voids0 equal to 15
sets voids voids0 equal to 44
create global voids voids1 equal to 87
creates global voids voids1 equal to 58
define global voids voids1 equal to 43
defines global voids voids1 equal to 30
declare global voids voids1 equal to 83
declares global voids voids1 equal to 37
set global voids voids1 equal to 21
sets global voids voids1 equal to 14
create local voids voids1 equal to 4
creates local voids voids1 equal to 39
define local voids voids1 equal to 7
defines local voids voids1 equal to 54
declare local voids voids1 equal to 86
declares local voids voids1 equal to 14
set local voids voids1 equal to 59
sets local voids voids1 equal to 42
create voids voids1 equal to 18
creates voids voids1 equal to 87
define voids voids1 equal to 44
defines voids voids1 equal to 11
declare voids voids1 equal to 72
declares voids voids1 equal to 29
set voids voids1 equal to 22
sets voids voids1 equal to 14
create global voids voids2 equal to 0
creates global voids voids2 equal to 2
define global voids voids2 equal to 7
defines global voids voids2 equal to 14
declare global voids voids2 equal to 84
declares global voids voids2 equal to 70
set global voids voids2 equal to 6
sets global voids voids2 equal to 75
create local voids voids2 equal to 96
creates local voids voids2 equal to 38
define local voids voids2 equal to 89
defines local voids voids2 equal to 48
declare local voids voids2 equal to 45
declares local voids voids2 equal to 94
set local voids voids2 equal to 94
sets local voids voids2 equal to 17
create voids voids2 equal to 39
creates voids voids2 equal to 9
define voids voids2 equal to 84
defines voids voids2 equal to 37
declare voids voids2 equal to 1
declares voids voids2 equal to 18
set voids voids2 equal to 35
sets voids voids2 equal to 92
create global voids i equal to 83
creates global voids i equal to 71
define global voids i equal to 98
defines global voids i equal to 1
declare global voids i equal to 65
declares global voids i equal to 18
set global voids i equal to 19
sets global voids i equal to 93
create local voids i equal to 89
creates local voids i equal to 7
define local voids i equal to 92
defines local voids i equal to 98
declare local voids i equal to 83
declares local voids i equal to 0
set local voids i equal to 66
sets local voids i equal to 35
create voids i equal to 25
creates voids i equal to 0
define voids i equal to 62
defines voids i equal to 62
declare voids i equal to 24
declares voids i equal to 24
set voids i equal to 56
sets voids i equal to 11
create global voids j equal to 86
creates global voids j equal to 51
define global voids j equal to 68
defines global voids j equal to 29
declare global voids j equal to 77
declares global voids j equal to 88
set global voids j equal to 21
sets global voids j equal to 97
create local voids j equal to 24
creates local voids j equal to 81
define local voids j equal to 13
defines local voids j equal to 95
declare local voids j equal to 64
declares local voids j equal to 67
set local voids j equal to 0
sets local voids j equal to 66
create voids j equal to 34
creates voids j equal to 4
define voids j equal to 37
defines voids j equal to 84
declare voids j equal to 6
declares voids j equal to 74
set voids j equal to 90
sets voids j equal to 60
create global voids k equal to 69
creates global voids k equal to 93
define global voids k equal to 2
defines global voids k equal to 61
declare global voids k equal to 16
declares global voids k equal to 81
set global voids k equal to 8
sets global voids k equal to 86
create local voids k equal to 71
creates local voids k equal to 97
define local voids k equal to 40
defines local voids k equal to 31
declare local voids k equal to 21
declares local voids k equal to 21
set local voids k equal to 26
sets local voids k equal to 1
create voids k equal to 98
creates voids k equal to 99
define voids k equal to 84
defines voids k equal to 31
declare voids k equal to 86
declares voids k equal to 62
set voids k equal to 50
sets voids k equal to 13
create global voids a equal to 24
creates global voids a equal to 28
define global voids a equal to 17
defines global voids a equal to 26
declare global voids a equal to 34
declares global voids a equal to 53
set global voids a equal to 70
sets global voids a equal to 85
create local voids a equal to 97
creates local voids a equal to 5
define local voids a equal to 26
defines local voids a equal to 16
declare local voids a equal to 44
declares local voids a equal to 55
set local voids a equal to 26
sets local voids a equal to 42
create voids a equal to 14
creates voids a equal to 15
define voids a equal to 28
defines voids a equal to 28
declare voids a equal to 60
declares voids a equal to 76
set voids a equal to 92
sets voids a equal to 6
create global voids b equal to 80
creates global voids b equal to 77
define global voids b equal to 39
defines global voids b equal to 24
declare global voids b equal to 48
declares global voids b equal to 10
set global voids b equal to 66
sets global voids b equal to 76
create local voids b equal to 49
creates local voids b equal to 28
define local voids b equal to 99
defines local voids b equal to 20
declare local voids b equal to 82
declares local voids b equal to 80
set local voids b equal to 49
sets local voids b equal to 48
create voids b equal to 23
creates voids b equal to 71
define voids b equal to 60
defines voids b equal to 92
declare voids b equal to 36
declares voids b equal to 71
set voids b equal to 46
sets voids b equal to 79
create global voids c equal to 98
creates global voids c equal to 89
define global voids c equal to 13
defines global voids c equal to 63
declare global voids c equal to 3
declares global voids c equal to 76
set global voids c equal to 65
sets global voids c equal to 14
create local voids c equal to 37
creates local voids c equal to 56
define local voids c equal to 35
defines local voids c equal to 6
declare local voids c equal to 82
declares local voids c equal to 24
set local voids c equal to 6
sets local voids c equal to 34
create voids c equal to 22
creates voids c equal to 71
define voids c equal to 27
defines voids c equal to 8
declare voids c equal to 67
declares voids c equal to 19
set voids c equal to 55
sets voids c equal to 7
create global integer integer0=17
creates global integer integer0=4
define global integer integer0=63
defines global integer integer0=87
declare global integer integer0=43
declares global integer integer0=81
set global integer integer0=39
sets global integer integer0=23
create local integer integer0=51
creates local integer integer0=55
define local integer integer0=51
defines local integer integer0=1
declare local integer integer0=99
declares local integer integer0=23
set local integer integer0=5
sets local integer integer0=20
create integer integer0=71
creates integer integer0=16
define integer integer0=34
defines integer integer0=49
declare integer integer0=43
declares integer integer0=21
set integer integer0=33
sets integer integer0=15
create global integer integer1=51
creates global integer integer1=69
define global integer integer1=5
defines global integer integer1=23
declare global integer integer1=18
declares global integer integer1=86
set global integer integer1=60
sets global integer integer1=1
create local integer integer1=41
creates local integer integer1=29
define local integer integer1=35
defines local integer integer1=29
declare local integer integer1=99
declares local integer integer1=15
set local integer integer1=37
sets local integer integer1=25
create integer integer1=76
creates integer integer1=68
define integer integer1=87
defines integer integer1=51
declare integer integer1=31
declares integer integer1=7
set integer integer1=47
sets integer integer1=65
create global integer integer2=59
creates global integer integer2=35
define global integer integer2=74
defines global integer integer2=85
declare global integer integer2=18
declares global integer integer2=18
set global integer integer2=63
sets global integer integer2=57
create local integer integer2=76
creates local integer integer2=35
define local integer integer2=6
defines local integer integer2=7
declare local integer integer2=83
declares local integer integer2=74
set local integer integer2=39
sets local integer integer2=73
create integer integer2=64
creates integer integer2=13
define integer integer2=59
defines integer integer2=98
declare integer integer2=45
declares integer integer2=10
set integer integer2=25
sets integer integer2=63
create global integer i=34
creates global integer i=14
define global integer i=35
defines global integer i=17
declare global integer i=29
declares global integer i=56
set global integer i=97
sets global integer i=74
create local integer i=49
creates local integer i=26
define local integer i=99
defines local integer i=64
declare local integer i=74
declares local integer i=69
set local integer i=100
sets local integer i=5
create integer i=27
creates integer i=89
define integer i=97
defines integer i=31
declare integer i=54
declares integer i=46
set integer i=17
sets integer i=23
create global integer j=68
creates global integer j=74
define global integer j=39
defines global integer j=8
declare global integer j=49
declares global integer j=49
set global integer j=99
sets global integer j=76
create local integer j=35
creates local integer j=98
define local integer j=31
defines local integer j=61
declare local integer j=5
declares local integer j=88
set local integer j=38
sets local integer j=79
create integer j=3
creates integer j=98
define integer j=98
defines integer j=12
declare integer j=49
declares integer j=80
set integer j=84
sets integer j=83
create global integer k=60
creates global integer k=88
define global integer k=94
defines global integer k=70
declare global integer k=6
declares global integer k=1
set global integer k=71
sets global integer k=83
create local integer k=53
creates local integer k=68
define local integer k=9
defines local integer k=50
declare local integer k=57
declares local integer k=41
set local integer k=22
sets local integer k=82
create integer k=92
creates integer k=59
define integer k=59
defines integer k=40
declare integer k=61
declares integer k=40
set integer k=83
sets integer k=21
create global integer a=16
creates global integer a=89
define global integer a=9
defines global integer a=84
declare global integer a=50
declares global integer a=87
set global integer a=25
sets global integer a=61
create local integer a=48
creates local integer a=34
define local integer a=28
defines local integer a=5
declare local integer a=73
declares local integer a=13
set local integer a=52
sets local integer a=100
create integer a=63
creates integer a=2
define integer a=96
defines integer a=32
declare integer a=64
declares integer a=10
set integer a=34
sets integer a=7
create global integer b=54
creates global integer b=99
define global integer b=18
defines global integer b=68
declare global integer b=29
declares global integer b=79
set global integer b=51
sets global integer b=83
create local integer b=26
creates local integer b=81
define local integer b=16
defines local integer b=39
declare local integer b=1
declares local integer b=27
set local integer b=43
sets local integer b=4
create integer b=27
creates integer b=15
define integer b=96
defines integer b=93
declare integer b=10
declares integer b=22
set integer b=49
sets integer b=51
create global integer c=34
creates global integer c=34
define global integer c=90
defines global integer c=9
declare global integer c=81
declares global integer c=96
set global integer c=7
sets global integer c=92
create local integer c=64
creates local integer c=23
define local integer c=45
defines local integer c=12
declare local integer c=46
declares local integer c=96
set local integer c=35
sets local integer c=77
create integer c=24
creates integer c=63
define integer c=54
defines integer c=14
declare integer c=68
declares integer c=5
set integer c=38
sets integer c=82
create global integers integers0=42
creates global integers integers0=64
define global integers integers0=76
defines global integers integers0=54
declare global integers integers0=47
declares global integers integers0=24
set global integers integers0=42
sets global integers integers0=7
create local integers integers0=36
creates local integers integers0=81
define local integers integers0=83
defines local integers integers0=66
declare local integers integers0=39
declares local integers integers0=70
set local integers integers0=0
sets local integers integers0=96
create integers integers0=29
creates integers integers0=5
define integers integers0=11
defines integers integers0=66
declare integers integers0=43
declares integers integers0=28
set integers integers0=77
sets integers integers0=30
create global integers integers1=9
creates global integers integers1=25
define global integers integers1=8
defines global integers integers1=70
declare global integers integers1=97
declares global integers integers1=45
set global integers integers1=24
sets global integers integers1=93
create local integers integers1=24
creates local integers integers1=23
define local integers integers1=40
defines local integers integers1=9
declare local integers integers1=17
declares local integers integers1=43
set local integers integers1=68
sets local integers integers1=39
create integers integers1=46
creates integers integers1=62
define integers integers1=94
defines integers integers1=48
declare integers integers1=58
declares integers integers1=16
set integers integers1=42
sets integers integers1=44
create global integers integers2=32
creates global integers integers2=20
define global integers integers2=34
defines global integers integers2=16
declare global integers integers2=3
declares global integers integers2=41
set global integers integers2=93
sets global integers integers2=34
create local integers integers2=7
creates local integers integers2=73
define local integers integers2=17
defines local integers integers2=1
declare local integers integers2=25
declares local integers integers2=85
set local integers integers2=85
sets local integers integers2=90
create integers integers2=50
creates integers integers2=3
define integers integers2=1
defines integers integers2=14
declare integers integers2=31
declares integers integers2=36
set integers integers2=26
sets integers integers2=69
create global integers i=85
creates global integers i=85
define global integers i=81
defines global integers i=40
declare global integers i=14
declares global integers i=15
set global integers i=86
sets global integers i=2
create local integers i=31
creates local integers i=32
define local integers i=20
defines local integers i=45
declare local integers i=73
declares local integers i=7
set local integers i=33
sets local integers i=94
create integers i=90
creates integers i=35
define integers i=86
defines integers i=64
declare integers i=6
declares integers i=82
set integers i=38
sets integers i=50
create global integers j=81
creates global integers j=50
define global integers j=11
defines global integers j=54
declare global integers j=38
declares global integers j=33
set global integers j=73
sets global integers j=57
create local integers j=63
creates local integers j=58
define local integers j=90
defines local integers j=5
declare local integers j=59
declares local integers j=58
set local integers j=26
sets local integers j=66
create integers j=78
creates integers j=99
define integers j=88
defines integers j=94
declare integers j=92
declares integers j=52
set integers j=9
sets integers j=67
create global integers k=76
creates global integers k=54
define global integers k=43
defines global integers k=11
declare global integers k=26
declares global integers k=82
set global integers k=5
sets global integers k=95
create local integers k=96
creates local integers k=65
define local integers k=59
defines local integers k=61
declare local integers k=94
declares local integers k=49
set local integers k=77
sets local integers k=55
create integers k=40
creates integers k=7
define integers k=84
defines integers k=17
declare integers k=15
declares integers k=84
set integers k=17
sets integers k=26
create global integers a=56
creates global integers a=49
define global integers a=31
defines global integers a=87
declare global integers a=71
declares global integers a=95
set global integers a=3
sets global integers a=66
create local integers a=73
creates local integers a=38
define local integers a=27
defines local integers a=48
declare local integers a=65
declares local integers a=92
set local integers a=99
sets local integers a=37
create integers a=52
creates integers a=94
define integers a=63
defines integers a=28
declare integers a=6
declares integers a=26
set integers a=88
sets integers a=33
create global integers b=7
creates global integers b=86
define global integers b=5
defines global integers b=17
declare global integers b=41
declares global integers b=37
set global integers b=99
sets global integers b=90
create local integers b=23
creates local integers b=88
define local integers b=4
defines local integers b=37
declare local integers b=65
declares local integers b=43
set local integers b=99
sets local integers b=1
create integers b=24
creates integers b=6
define integers b=74
defines integers b=98
declare integers b=24
declares integers b=25
set integers b=98
sets integers b=62
create global integers c=17
creates global integers c=75
define global integers c=71
defines global integers c=79
declare global integers c=96
declares global integers c=41
set global integers c=33
sets global integers c=68
create local integers c=70
creates local integers c=59
define local integers c=38
defines local integers c=23
declare local integers c=98
declares local integers c=97
set local integers c=66
sets local integers c=29
create integers c=97
creates integers c=8
define integers c=52
defines integers c=52
declare integers c=0
declares integers c=53
set integers c=12
sets integers c=29
create global int int0=22
creates global int int0=2
define global int int0=20
defines global int int0=40
declare global int int0=65
declares global int int0=15
set global int int0=58
sets global int int0=33
create local int int0=24
creates local int int0=100
define local int int0=63
defines local int int0=71
declare local int int0=2
declares local int int0=47
set local int int0=51
sets local int int0=62
create int int0=50
creates int int0=61
define int int0=55
defines int int0=57
declare int int0=14
declares int int0=28
set int int0=11
sets int int0=63
create global int int1=22
creates global int int1=88
define global int int1=59
defines global int int1=97
declare global int int1=29
declares global int int1=42
set global int int1=37
sets global int int1=62
create local int int1=73
creates local int int1=94
define local int int1=38
defines local int int1=86
declare local int int1=51
declares local int int1=100
set local int int1=84
sets local int int1=26
create int int1=7
creates int int1=21
define int int1=12
defines int int1=47
declare int int1=47
declares int int1=24
set int int1=70
sets int int1=27
create global int int2=32
creates global int int2=67
define global int int2=76
defines global int int2=19
declare global int int2=100
declares global int int2=8
set global int int2=63
sets global int int2=39
create local int int2=68
creates local int int2=85
define local int int2=46
defines local int int2=23
declare local int int2=61
declares local int int2=76
set local int int2=15
sets local int int2=80
create int int2=96
creates int int2=70
define int int2=1
defines int int2=70
declare int int2=25
declares int int2=58
set int int2=82
sets int int2=6
create global int i=94
creates global int i=88
define global int i=35
defines global int i=59
declare global int i=66
declares global int i=38
set global int i=16
sets global int i=37
create local int i=56
creates local int i=21
define local int i=76
defines local int i=59
declare local int i=54
declares local int i=23
set local int i=85
sets local int i=65
create int i=41
creates int i=91
define int i=33
defines int i=29
declare int i=46
declares int i=27
set int i=67
sets int i=67
create global int j=17
creates global int j=74
define global int j=93
defines global int j=47
declare global int j=7
declares global int j=50
set global int j=54
sets global int j=32
create local int j=36
creates local int j=8
define local int j=65
defines local int j=20
declare local int j=32
declares local int j=80
set local int j=31
sets local int j=62
create int j=5
creates int j=44
define int j=66
defines int j=68
declare int j=1
declares int j=18
set int j=59
sets int j=64
create global int k=57
creates global int k=88
define global int k=68
defines global int k=72
declare global int k=82
declares global int k=57
set global int k=32
sets global int k=91
create local int k=50
creates local int k=85
define local int k=51
defines local int k=97
declare local int k=75
declares local int k=43
set local int k=19
sets local int k=92
create int k=67
creates int k=58
define int k=31
defines int k=64
declare int k=39
declares int k=62
set int k=39
sets int k=52
create global int a=69
creates global int a=57
define global int a=76
defines global int a=95
declare global int a=61
declares global int a=10
set global int a=61
sets global int a=26
create local int a=71
creates local int a=9
define local int a=60
defines local int a=4
declare local int a=46
declares local int a=65
set local int a=85
sets local int a=14
create int a=78
creates int a=93
define int a=74
defines int a=78
declare int a=63
declares int a=24
set int a=23
sets int a=60
create global int b=46
creates global int b=2
define global int b=94
defines global int b=98
declare global int b=29
declares global int b=91
set global int b=14
sets global int b=0
create local int b=53
creates local int b=24
define local int b=99
defines local int b=77
declare local int b=50
declares local int b=86
set local int b=11
sets local int b=41
create int b=4
creates int b=75
define int b=36
defines int b=62
declare int b=90
declares int b=56
set int b=1
sets int b=28
create global int c=53
creates global int c=24
define global int c=9
defines global int c=48
declare global int c=27
declares global int c=87
set global int c=30
sets global int c=98
create local int c=14
creates local int c=44
define local int c=29
defines local int c=54
declare local int c=27
declares local int c=97
set local int c=51
sets local int c=72
create int c=94
creates int c=30
define int c=51
defines int c=36
declare int c=20
declares int c=77
set int c=53
sets int c=90
create global ints ints0=36
creates global ints ints0=37
define global ints ints0=3
defines global ints ints0=16
declare global ints ints0=33
declares global ints ints0=100
set global ints ints0=26
sets global ints ints0=27
create local ints ints0=57
creates local ints ints0=20
define local ints ints0=32
defines local ints ints0=38
declare local ints ints0=54
declares local ints ints0=32
set local ints ints0=15
sets local ints ints0=74
create ints ints0=39
creates ints ints0=65
define ints ints0=98
defines ints ints0=97
declare ints ints0=0
declares ints ints0=2
set ints ints0=9
sets ints ints0=34
create global ints ints1=48
creates global ints ints1=88
define global ints ints1=96
defines global ints ints1=20
declare global ints ints1=89
declares global ints ints1=2
set global ints ints1=59
sets global ints ints1=51
create local ints ints1=25
creates local ints ints1=84
define local ints ints1=60
defines local ints ints1=43
declare local ints ints1=58
declares local ints ints1=24
set local ints ints1=51
sets local ints ints1=34
create ints ints1=25
creates ints ints1=36
define ints ints1=43
defines ints ints1=49
declare ints ints1=21
declares ints ints1=9
set ints ints1=32
sets ints ints1=16
create global ints ints2=85
creates global ints ints2=27
define global ints ints2=35
defines global ints ints2=77
declare global ints ints2=86
declares global ints ints2=33
set global ints ints2=46
sets global ints ints2=23
create local ints ints2=1
creates local ints ints2=7
define local ints ints2=47
defines local ints ints2=61
declare local ints ints2=60
declares local ints ints2=58
set local ints ints2=67
sets local ints ints2=22
create ints ints2=56
creates ints ints2=89
define ints ints2=36
defines ints ints2=75
declare ints ints2=89
declares ints ints2=62
set ints ints2=44
sets ints ints2=0
create global ints i=42
creates global ints i=6
define global ints i=62
defines global ints i=92
declare global ints i=73
declares global ints i=68
set global ints i=12
sets global ints i=33
create local ints i=40
creates local ints i=55
define local ints i=52
defines local ints i=34
declare local ints i=79
declares local ints i=39
set local ints i=54
sets local ints i=68
create ints i=2
creates ints i=52
define ints i=73
defines ints i=49
declare ints i=21
declares ints i=37
set ints i=78
sets ints i=23
create global ints j=30
creates global ints j=40
define global ints j=94
defines global ints j=60
declare global ints j=72
declares global ints j=12
set global ints j=21
sets global ints j=16
create local ints j=66
creates local ints j=54
define local ints j=13
defines local ints j=88
declare local ints j=44
declares local ints j=63
set local ints j=95
sets local ints j=75
create ints j=34
creates ints j=54
define ints j=41
defines ints j=91
declare ints j=37
declares ints j=63
set ints j=25
sets ints j=33
create global ints k=31
creates global ints k=79
define global ints k=98
defines global ints k=95
declare global ints k=46
declares global ints k=3
set global ints k=51
sets global ints k=36
create local ints k=1
creates local ints k=20
define local ints k=30
defines local ints k=52
declare local ints k=98
declares local ints k=56
set local ints k=50
sets local ints k=48
create ints k=1
creates ints k=48
define ints k=53
defines ints k=88
declare ints k=82
declares ints k=61
set ints k=50
sets ints k=62
create global ints a=7
creates global ints a=58
define global ints a=42
defines global ints a=76
declare global ints a=56
declares global ints a=32
set global ints a=10
sets global ints a=83
create local ints a=12
creates local ints a=44
define local ints a=60
defines local ints a=79
declare local ints a=19
declares local ints a=81
set local ints a=29
sets local ints a=16
create ints a=6
creates ints a=59
define ints a=3
defines ints a=12
declare ints a=89
declares ints a=36
set ints a=73
sets ints a=35
create global ints b=16
creates global ints b=49
define global ints b=50
defines global ints b=8
declare global ints b=95
declares global ints b=54
set global ints b=7
sets global ints b=71
create local ints b=3
creates local ints b=4
define local ints b=80
defines local ints b=59
declare local ints b=58
declares local ints b=26
set local ints b=72
sets local ints b=19
create ints b=63
creates ints b=29
define ints b=58
defines ints b=66
declare ints b=47
declares ints b=68
set ints b=81
sets ints b=75
create global ints c=8
creates global ints c=75
define global ints c=59
defines global ints c=69
declare global ints c=18
declares global ints c=39
set global ints c=96
sets global ints c=95
create local ints c=66
creates local ints c=20
define local ints c=85
defines local ints c=57
declare local ints c=74
declares local ints c=36
set local ints c=12
sets local ints c=35
create ints c=41
creates ints c=95
define ints c=96
defines ints c=10
declare ints c=95
declares ints c=96
set ints c=64
sets ints c=93
create global float float0=72
creates global float float0=10
define global float float0=78
defines global float float0=83
declare global float float0=82
declares global float float0=83
set global float float0=65
sets global float float0=93
create local float float0=44
creates local float float0=71
define local float float0=35
defines local float float0=15
declare local float float0=60
declares local float float0=91
set local float float0=94
sets local float float0=95
create float float0=88
creates float float0=99
define float float0=27
defines float float0=29
declare float float0=63
declares float float0=15
set float float0=75
sets float float0=100
create global float float1=15
creates global float float1=72
define global float float1=21
defines global float float1=17
declare global float float1=96
declares global float float1=60
set global float float1=44
sets global float float1=56
create local float float1=16
creates local float float1=47
define local float float1=39
defines local float float1=43
declare local float float1=21
declares local float float1=67
set local float float1=66
sets local float float1=8
create float float1=57
creates float float1=11
define float float1=41
defines float float1=96
declare float float1=0
declares float float1=0
set float float1=97
sets float float1=44
create global float float2=68
creates global float float2=36
define global float float2=91
defines global float float2=40
declare global float float2=42
declares global float float2=79
set global float float2=51
sets global float float2=54
create local float float2=93
creates local float float2=49
define local float float2=66
defines local float float2=25
declare local float float2=94
declares local float float2=90
set local float float2=78
sets local float float2=27
create float float2=20
creates float float2=41
define float float2=25
defines float float2=81
declare float float2=19
declares float float2=93
set float float2=40
sets float float2=84
create global float i=60
creates global float i=22
define global float i=62
defines global float i=21
declare global float i=2
declares global float i=34
set global float i=32
sets global float i=54
create local float i=24
creates local float i=13
define local float i=32
defines local float i=25
declare local float i=9
declares local float i=45
set local float i=62
sets local float i=14
create float i=68
creates float i=60
define float i=91
defines float i=59
declare float i=27
declares float i=47
set float i=48
sets float i=41
create global float j=17
creates global float j=17
define global float j=41
defines global float j=11
declare global float j=54
declares global float j=94
set global float j=10
sets global float j=91
create local float j=82
creates local float j=26
define local float j=7
defines local float j=90
declare local float j=87
declares local float j=2
set local float j=38
sets local float j=11
create float j=65
creates float j=66
define float j=37
defines float j=92
declare float j=19
declares float j=96
set float j=71
sets float j=20
create global float k=49
creates global float k=21
define global float k=27
defines global float k=5
declare global float k=0
declares global float k=33
set global float k=26
sets global float k=74
create local float k=66
creates local float k=25
define local float k=60
defines local float k=21
declare local float k=31
declares local float k=18
set local float k=82
sets local float k=82
create float k=15
creates float k=67
define float k=21
defines float k=97
declare float k=85
declares float k=100
set float k=86
sets float k=11
create global float a=77
creates global float a=32
define global float a=23
defines global float a=50
declare global float a=56
declares global float a=53
set global float a=73
sets global float a=57
create local float a=23
creates local float a=88
define local float a=83
defines local float a=99
declare local float a=61
declares local float a=47
set local float a=65
sets local float a=23
create float a=32
creates float a=8
define float a=35
defines float a=91
declare float a=99
declares float a=93
set float a=91
sets float a=82
create global float b=51
creates global float b=57
define global float b=16
defines global float b=82
declare global float b=51
declares global float b=59
set global float b=53
sets global float b=49
create local float b=0
creates local float b=99
define local float b=15
defines local float b=30
declare local float b=16
declares local float b=4
set local float b=52
sets local float b=32
create float b=57
creates float b=43
define float b=23
defines float b=52
declare float b=76
declares float b=94
set float b=44
sets float b=30
create global float c=98
creates global float c=31
define global float c=85
defines global float c=9
declare global float c=67
declares global float c=53
set global float c=86
sets global float c=96
create local float c=22
creates local float c=84
define local float c=8
defines local float c=61
declare local float c=32
declares local float c=29
set local float c=59
sets local float c=8
create float c=47
creates float c=30
define float c=27
defines float c=5
declare float c=20
declares float c=56
set float c=5
sets float c=81
create global floats floats0=71
creates global floats floats0=40
define global floats floats0=25
defines global floats floats0=95
declare global floats floats0=58
declares global floats floats0=39
set global floats floats0=58
sets global floats floats0=100
create local floats floats0=51
creates local floats floats0=96
define local floats floats0=85
defines local floats floats0=33
declare local floats floats0=58
declares local floats floats0=15
set local floats floats0=54
sets local floats floats0=66
create floats floats0=52
creates floats floats0=32
define floats floats0=35
defines floats floats0=34
declare floats floats0=22
declares floats floats0=27
set floats floats0=9
sets floats floats0=4
create global floats floats1=68
creates global floats floats1=64
define global floats floats1=37
defines global floats floats1=26
declare global floats floats1=0
declares global floats floats1=37
set global floats floats1=15
sets global floats floats1=86
create local floats floats1=35
creates local floats floats1=86
define local floats floats1=17
defines local floats floats1=25
declare local floats floats1=66
declares local floats floats1=30
set local floats floats1=85
sets local floats floats1=9
create floats floats1=63
creates floats floats1=96
define floats floats1=0
defines floats floats1=15
declare floats floats1=56
declares floats floats1=34
set floats floats1=85
sets floats floats1=80
create global floats floats2=75
creates global floats floats2=53
define global floats floats2=50
defines global floats floats2=64
declare global floats floats2=43
declares global floats floats2=13
set global floats floats2=98
sets global floats floats2=65
create local floats floats2=92
creates local floats floats2=10
define local floats floats2=48
defines local floats floats2=33
declare local floats floats2=47
declares local floats floats2=13
set local floats floats2=23
sets local floats floats2=25
create floats floats2=21
creates floats floats2=46
define floats floats2=4
defines floats floats2=69
declare floats floats2=15
declares floats floats2=54
set floats floats2=30
sets floats floats2=89
create global floats i=13
creates global floats i=34
define global floats i=98
defines global floats i=27
declare global floats i=68
declares global floats i=100
set global floats i=5
sets global floats i=36
create local floats i=39
creates local floats i=48
define local floats i=33
defines local floats i=21
declare local floats i=42
declares local floats i=15
set local floats i=73
sets local floats i=18
create floats i=79
creates floats i=29
define floats i=52
defines floats i=74
declare floats i=28
declares floats i=18
set floats i=58
sets floats i=18
create global floats j=14
creates global floats j=15
define global floats j=16
defines global floats j=71
declare global floats j=65
declares global floats j=69
set global floats j=32
sets global floats j=91
create local floats j=51
creates local floats j=28
define local floats j=94
defines local floats j=12
declare local floats j=25
declares local floats j=19
set local floats j=88
sets local floats j=62
create floats j=42
creates floats j=93
define floats j=38
defines floats j=87
declare floats j=30
declares floats j=76
set floats j=33
sets floats j=100
create global floats k=67
creates global floats k=29
define global floats k=6
defines global floats k=45
declare global floats k=74
declares global floats k=76
set global floats k=94
sets global floats k=33
create local floats k=78
creates local floats k=9
define local floats k=89
defines local floats k=11
declare local floats k=26
declares local floats k=94
set local floats k=44
sets local floats k=76
create floats k=96
creates floats k=62
define floats k=25
defines floats k=7
declare floats k=41
declares floats k=49
set floats k=93
sets floats k=40
create global floats a=1
creates global floats a=37
define global floats a=85
defines global floats a=1
declare global floats a=85
declares global floats a=30
set global floats a=87
sets global floats a=90
create local floats a=78
creates local floats a=46
define local floats a=56
defines local floats a=80
declare local floats a=46
declares local floats a=41
set local floats a=66
sets local floats a=83
create floats a=86
creates floats a=19
define floats a=58
defines floats a=85
declare floats a=82
declares floats a=36
set floats a=89
sets floats a=18
create global floats b=59
creates global floats b=70
define global floats b=6
defines global floats b=56
declare global floats b=81
declares global floats b=68
set global floats b=48
sets global floats b=59
create local floats b=83
creates local floats b=25
define local floats b=23
defines local floats b=63
declare local floats b=9
declares local floats b=10
set local floats b=28
sets local floats b=8
create floats b=83
creates floats b=32
define floats b=61
defines floats b=6
declare floats b=4
declares floats b=97
set floats b=26
sets floats b=92
create global floats c=41
creates global floats c=61
define global floats c=22
defines global floats c=3
declare global floats c=68
declares global floats c=36
set global floats c=20
sets global floats c=67
create local floats c=92
creates local floats c=7
define local floats c=11
defines local floats c=8
declare local floats c=46
declares local floats c=97
set local floats c=52
sets local floats c=90
create floats c=21
creates floats c=37
define floats c=5
defines floats c=46
declare floats c=4
declares floats c=47
set floats c=4
sets floats c=93
create global number number0=27
creates global number number0=93
define global number number0=87
defines global number number0=74
declare global number number0=55
declares global number number0=75
set global number number0=90
sets global number number0=31
create local number number0=59
creates local number number0=40
define local number number0=60
defines local number number0=32
declare local number number0=96
declares local number number0=64
set local number number0=33
sets local number number0=96
create number number0=4
creates number number0=39
define number number0=34
defines number number0=74
declare number number0=46
declares number number0=46
set number number0=34
sets number number0=43
create global number number1=1
creates global number number1=94
define global number number1=24
defines global number number1=45
declare global number number1=12
declares global number number1=38
set global number number1=44
sets global number number1=14
create local number number1=77
creates local number number1=0
define local number number1=52
defines local number number1=8
declare local number number1=35
declares local number number1=55
set local number number1=98
sets local number number1=55
create number number1=4
creates number number1=77
define number number1=37
defines number number1=50
declare number number1=67
declares number number1=15
set number number1=77
sets number number1=84
create global number number2=60
creates global number number2=82
define global number number2=74
defines global number number2=64
declare global number number2=43
declares global number number2=40
set global number number2=76
sets global number number2=56
create local number number2=43
creates local number number2=50
define local number number2=90
defines local number number2=9
declare local number number2=26
declares local number number2=32
set local number number2=55
sets local number number2=19
create number number2=4
creates number number2=21
define number number2=100
defines number number2=75
declare number number2=51
declares number number2=2
set number number2=88
sets number number2=13
create global number i=52
creates global number i=11
define global number i=62
defines global number i=45
declare global number i=64
declares global number i=34
set global number i=74
sets global number i=47
create local number i=80
creates local number i=47
define local number i=66
defines local number i=24
declare local number i=74
declares local number i=85
set local number i=76
sets local number i=83
create number i=51
creates number i=44
define number i=66
defines number i=46
declare number i=25
declares number i=75
set number i=5
sets number i=85
create global number j=12
creates global number j=90
define global number j=19
defines global number j=3
declare global number j=57
declares global number j=17
set global number j=87
sets global number j=17
create local number j=94
creates local number j=4
define local number j=12
defines local number j=4
declare local number j=93
declares local number j=100
set local number j=60
sets local number j=46
create number j=56
creates number j=31
define number j=99
defines number j=98
declare number j=77
declares number j=44
set number j=77
sets number j=78
create global number k=29
creates global number k=51
define global number k=15
defines global number k=87
declare global number k=51
declares global number k=26
set global number k=68
sets global number k=33
create local number k=13
creates local number k=14
define local number k=62
defines local number k=48
declare local number k=94
declares local number k=66
set local number k=64
sets local number k=4
create number k=38
creates number k=28
define number k=23
defines number k=88
declare number k=6
declares number k=30
set number k=29
sets number k=86
create global number a=74
creates global number a=55
define global number a=78
defines global number a=53
declare global number a=76
declares global number a=52
set global number a=95
sets global number a=39
create local number a=43
creates local number a=87
define local number a=97
defines local number a=48
declare local number a=53
declares local number a=58
set local number a=89
sets local number a=33
create number a=33
creates number a=12
define number a=88
defines number a=39
declare number a=59
declares number a=73
set number a=21
sets number a=11
create global number b=24
creates global number b=83
define global number b=25
defines global number b=43
declare global number b=68
declares global number b=65
set global number b=89
sets global number b=92
create local number b=78
creates local number b=98
define local number b=53
defines local number b=52
declare local number b=24
declares local number b=92
set local number b=86
sets local number b=36
create number b=81
creates number b=23
define number b=56
defines number b=42
declare number b=42
declares number b=96
set number b=64
sets number b=4
create global number c=93
creates global number c=55
define global number c=58
defines global number c=67
declare global number c=4
declares global number c=82
set global number c=54
sets global number c=70
create local number c=40
creates local number c=22
define local number c=73
defines local number c=3
declare local number c=19
declares local number c=19
set local number c=5
sets local number c=46
create number c=77
creates number c=77
define number c=78
defines number c=60
declare number c=64
declares number c=17
set number c=42
sets number c=3
create global numbers numbers0=64
creates global numbers numbers0=65
define global numbers numbers0=23
defines global numbers numbers0=40
declare global numbers numbers0=54
declares global numbers numbers0=13
set global numbers numbers0=17
sets global numbers numbers0=71
create local numbers numbers0=6
creates local numbers numbers0=36
define local numbers numbers0=3
defines local numbers numbers0=41
declare local numbers numbers0=18
declares local numbers numbers0=13
set local numbers numbers0=43
sets local numbers numbers0=68
create numbers numbers0=1
creates numbers numbers0=11
define numbers numbers0=7
defines numbers numbers0=22
declare numbers numbers0=1
declares numbers numbers0=89
set numbers numbers0=48
sets numbers numbers0=24
create global numbers numbers1=60
creates global numbers numbers1=61
define global numbers numbers1=59
defines global numbers numbers1=9
declare global numbers numbers1=95
declares global numbers numbers1=42
set global numbers numbers1=66
sets global numbers numbers1=77
create local numbers numbers1=23
creates local numbers numbers1=52
define local numbers numbers1=77
defines local numbers numbers1=74
declare local numbers numbers1=83
declares local numbers numbers1=9
set local numbers numbers1=17
sets local numbers numbers1=31
create numbers numbers1=23
creates numbers numbers1=62
define numbers numbers1=95
defines numbers numbers1=68
declare numbers numbers1=75
declares numbers numbers1=23
set numbers numbers1=90
sets numbers numbers1=34
create global numbers numbers2=62
creates global numbers numbers2=42
define global numbers numbers2=31
defines global numbers numbers2=38
declare global numbers numbers2=87
declares global numbers numbers2=3
set global numbers numbers2=1
sets global numbers numbers2=47
create local numbers numbers2=70
creates local numbers numbers2=11
define local numbers numbers2=86
defines local numbers numbers2=65
declare local numbers numbers2=65
declares local numbers numbers2=76
set local numbers numbers2=37
sets local numbers numbers2=25
create numbers numbers2=20
creates numbers numbers2=97
define numbers numbers2=94
defines numbers numbers2=46
declare numbers numbers2=3
declares numbers numbers2=50
set numbers numbers2=85
sets numbers numbers2=50
create global numbers i=27
creates global numbers i=96
define global numbers i=15
defines global numbers i=52
declare global numbers i=59
declares global numbers i=37
set global numbers i=57
sets global numbers i=59
create local numbers i=20
creates local numbers i=53
define local numbers i=83
defines local numbers i=26
declare local numbers i=84
declares local numbers i=88
set local numbers i=62
sets local numbers i=15
create numbers i=15
creates numbers i=17
define numbers i=62
defines numbers i=65
declare numbers i=48
declares numbers i=63
set numbers i=30
sets numbers i=80
create global numbers j=59
creates global numbers j=2
define global numbers j=54
defines global numbers j=51
declare global numbers j=6
declares global numbers j=63
set global numbers j=81
sets global numbers j=3
create local numbers j=63
creates local numbers j=94
define local numbers j=31
defines local numbers j=95
declare local numbers j=67
declares local numbers j=16
set local numbers j=43
sets local numbers j=80
create numbers j=57
creates numbers j=82
define numbers j=82
defines numbers j=87
declare numbers j=15
declares numbers j=51
set numbers j=15
sets numbers j=28
create global numbers k=8
creates global numbers k=43
define global numbers k=47
defines global numbers k=97
declare global numbers k=81
declares global numbers k=73
set global numbers k=80
sets global numbers k=1
create local numbers k=14
creates local numbers k=80
define local numbers k=38
defines local numbers k=75
declare local numbers k=82
declares local numbers k=75
set local numbers k=18
sets local numbers k=86
create numbers k=93
creates numbers k=77
define numbers k=82
defines numbers k=61
declare numbers k=98
declares numbers k=39
set numbers k=31
sets numbers k=11
create global numbers a=27
creates global numbers a=13
define global numbers a=46
defines global numbers a=18
declare global numbers a=84
declares global numbers a=40
set global numbers a=63
sets global numbers a=4
create local numbers a=68
creates local numbers a=96
define local numbers a=89
defines local numbers a=43
declare local numbers a=52
declares local numbers a=98
set local numbers a=17
sets local numbers a=90
create numbers a=90
creates numbers a=53
define numbers a=6
defines numbers a=5
declare numbers a=15
declares numbers a=16
set numbers a=93
sets numbers a=97
create global numbers b=24
creates global numbers b=6
define global numbers b=14
defines global numbers b=11
declare global numbers b=26
declares global numbers b=79
set global numbers b=34
sets global numbers b=47
create local numbers b=44
creates local numbers b=24
define local numbers b=37
defines local numbers b=57
declare local numbers b=21
declares local numbers b=31
set local numbers b=37
sets local numbers b=70
create numbers b=74
creates numbers b=78
define numbers b=90
defines numbers b=86
declare numbers b=13
declares numbers b=45
set numbers b=58
sets numbers b=67
create global numbers c=96
creates global numbers c=97
define global numbers c=45
defines global numbers c=94
declare global numbers c=94
declares global numbers c=17
set global numbers c=65
sets global numbers c=91
create local numbers c=67
creates local numbers c=64
define local numbers c=45
defines local numbers c=73
declare local numbers c=83
declares local numbers c=2
set local numbers c=85
sets local numbers c=6
create numbers c=12
creates numbers c=11
define numbers c=53
defines numbers c=59
declare numbers c=5
declares numbers c=72
set numbers c=69
sets numbers c=62
create global num num0=73
creates global num num0=18
define global num num0=86
defines global num num0=84
declare global num num0=10
declares global num num0=91
set global num num0=15
sets global num num0=22
create local num num0=23
creates local num num0=11
define local num num0=26
defines local num num0=70
declare local num num0=10
declares local num num0=93
set local num num0=9
sets local num num0=54
create num num0=98
creates num num0=61
define num num0=34
defines num num0=54
declare num num0=34
declares num num0=28
set num num0=77
sets num num0=73
create global num num1=23
creates global num num1=67
define global num num1=56
defines global num num1=27
declare global num num1=20
declares global num num1=20
set global num num1=35
sets global num num1=11
create local num num1=70
creates local num num1=14
define local num num1=80
defines local num num1=31
declare local num num1=19
declares local num num1=78
set local num num1=8
sets local num num1=55
create num num1=47
creates num num1=11
define num num1=0
defines num num1=77
declare num num1=91
declares num num1=28
set num num1=20
sets num num1=100
create global num num2=98
creates global num num2=4
define global num num2=30
defines global num num2=35
declare global num num2=15
declares global num num2=35
set global num num2=84
sets global num num2=28
create local num num2=18
creates local num num2=48
define local num num2=98
defines local num num2=22
declare local num num2=97
declares local num num2=55
set local num num2=98
sets local num num2=74
create num num2=21
creates num num2=14
define num num2=85
defines num num2=24
declare num num2=51
declares num num2=16
set num num2=4
sets num num2=63
create global num i=27
creates global num i=50
define global num i=96
defines global num i=89
declare global num i=18
declares global num i=4
set global num i=56
sets global num i=94
create local num i=28
creates local num i=17
define local num i=84
defines local num i=53
declare local num i=63
declares local num i=32
set local num i=64
sets local num i=22
create num i=89
creates num i=53
define num i=90
defines num i=96
declare num i=15
declares num i=84
set num i=55
sets num i=11
create global num j=7
creates global num j=67
define global num j=48
defines global num j=62
declare global num j=91
declares global num j=88
set global num j=49
sets global num j=0
create local num j=53
creates local num j=29
define local num j=39
defines local num j=79
declare local num j=27
declares local num j=66
set local num j=99
sets local num j=1
create num j=32
creates num j=98
define num j=46
defines num j=74
declare num j=90
declares num j=17
set num j=45
sets num j=38
create global num k=87
creates global num k=79
define global num k=11
defines global num k=42
declare global num k=33
declares global num k=77
set global num k=89
sets global num k=87
create local num k=22
creates local num k=30
define local num k=15
defines local num k=76
declare local num k=40
declares local num k=87
set local num k=86
sets local num k=62
create num k=4
creates num k=40
define num k=3
defines num k=1
declare num k=42
declares num k=89
set num k=4
sets num k=31
create global num a=39
creates global num a=37
define global num a=16
defines global num a=83
declare global num a=65
declares global num a=95
set global num a=49
sets global num a=87
create local num a=19
creates local num a=15
define local num a=64
defines local num a=54
declare local num a=71
declares local num a=16
set local num a=45
sets local num a=30
create num a=61
creates num a=3
define num a=0
defines num a=60
declare num a=61
declares num a=63
set num a=56
sets num a=8
create global num b=37
creates global num b=51
define global num b=52
defines global num b=81
declare global num b=27
declares global num b=62
set global num b=84
sets global num b=89
create local num b=17
creates local num b=35
define local num b=57
defines local num b=63
declare local num b=69
declares local num b=3
set local num b=60
sets local num b=95
create num b=29
creates num b=13
define num b=96
defines num b=35
declare num b=12
declares num b=54
set num b=16
sets num b=94
create global num c=38
creates global num c=18
define global num c=3
defines global num c=78
declare global num c=71
declares global num c=33
set global num c=29
sets global num c=20
create local num c=22
creates local num c=44
define local num c=53
defines local num c=2
declare local num c=45
declares local num c=96
set local num c=71
sets local num c=84
create num c=34
creates num c=92
define num c=22
defines num c=12
declare num c=18
declares num c=77
set num c=99
sets num c=73
create global nums nums0=65
creates global nums nums0=70
define global nums nums0=32
defines global nums nums0=38
declare global nums nums0=57
declares global nums nums0=59
set global nums nums0=9
sets global nums nums0=35
create local nums nums0=3
creates local nums nums0=1
define local nums nums0=31
defines local nums nums0=13
declare local nums nums0=24
declares local nums nums0=24
set local nums nums0=42
sets local nums nums0=89
create nums nums0=74
creates nums nums0=83
define nums nums0=36
defines nums nums0=51
declare nums nums0=65
declares nums nums0=81
set nums nums0=21
sets nums nums0=43
create global nums nums1=45
creates global nums nums1=12
define global nums nums1=23
defines global nums nums1=62
declare global nums nums1=77
declares global nums nums1=19
set global nums nums1=61
sets global nums nums1=16
create local nums nums1=11
creates local nums nums1=36
define local nums nums1=83
defines local nums nums1=73
declare local nums nums1=83
declares local nums nums1=58
set local nums nums1=77
sets local nums nums1=64
create nums nums1=2
creates nums nums1=27
define nums nums1=60
defines nums nums1=21
declare nums nums1=58
declares nums nums1=93
set nums nums1=44
sets nums nums1=27
create global nums nums2=79
creates global nums nums2=59
define global nums nums2=79
defines global nums nums2=93
declare global nums nums2=86
declares global nums nums2=100
set global nums nums2=15
sets global nums nums2=84
create local nums nums2=89
creates local nums nums2=19
define local nums nums2=35
defines local nums nums2=59
declare local nums nums2=60
declares local nums nums2=88
set local nums nums2=1
sets local nums nums2=52
create nums nums2=9
creates nums nums2=9
define nums nums2=82
defines nums nums2=55
declare nums nums2=72
declares nums nums2=22
set nums nums2=44
sets nums nums2=32
create global nums i=41
creates global nums i=4
define global nums i=51
defines global nums i=84
declare global nums i=47
declares global nums i=79
set global nums i=91
sets global nums i=8
create local nums i=84
creates local nums i=89
define local nums i=27
defines local nums i=44
declare local nums i=38
declares local nums i=100
set local nums i=14
sets local nums i=8
create nums i=38
creates nums i=25
define nums i=22
defines nums i=4
declare nums i=28
declares nums i=68
set nums i=98
sets nums i=24
create global nums j=9
creates global nums j=87
define global nums j=14
defines global nums j=47
declare global nums j=40
declares global nums j=54
set global nums j=25
sets global nums j=99
create local nums j=93
creates local nums j=50
define local nums j=49
defines local nums j=55
declare local nums j=94
declares local nums j=86
set local nums j=26
sets local nums j=6
create nums j=84
creates nums j=38
define nums j=97
defines nums j=56
declare nums j=16
declares nums j=99
set nums j=42
sets nums j=46
create global nums k=27
creates global nums k=79
define global nums k=27
defines global nums k=42
declare global nums k=74
declares global nums k=2
set global nums k=18
sets global nums k=74
create local nums k=65
creates local nums k=7
define local nums k=84
defines local nums k=51
declare local nums k=79
declares local nums k=100
set local nums k=100
sets local nums k=80
create nums k=71
creates nums k=74
define nums k=57
defines nums k=63
declare nums k=74
declares nums k=20
set nums k=59
sets nums k=19
create global nums a=40
creates global nums a=21
define global nums a=34
defines global nums a=19
declare global nums a=44
declares global nums a=30
set global nums a=16
sets global nums a=53
create local nums a=82
creates local nums a=32
define local nums a=35
defines local nums a=51
declare local nums a=47
declares local nums a=50
set local nums a=64
sets local nums a=55
create nums a=58
creates nums a=59
define nums a=24
defines nums a=87
declare nums a=51
declares nums a=6
set nums a=81
sets nums a=95
create global nums b=90
creates global nums b=82
define global nums b=0
defines global nums b=6
declare global nums b=50
declares global nums b=25
set global nums b=39
sets global nums b=42
create local nums b=51
creates local nums b=72
define local nums b=53
defines local nums b=83
declare local nums b=95
declares local nums b=14
set local nums b=59
sets local nums b=89
create nums b=13
creates nums b=49
define nums b=4
defines nums b=50
declare nums b=24
declares nums b=8
set nums b=51
sets nums b=16
create global nums c=37
creates global nums c=76
define global nums c=66
defines global nums c=63
declare global nums c=3
declares global nums c=90
set global nums c=23
sets global nums c=80
create local nums c=45
creates local nums c=4
define local nums c=61
defines local nums c=51
declare local nums c=8
declares local nums c=35
set local nums c=16
sets local nums c=19
create nums c=82
creates nums c=82
define nums c=20
defines nums c=4
declare nums c=80
declares nums c=53
set nums c=90
sets nums c=94
create global variable variable0=61
creates global variable variable0=23
define global variable variable0=33
defines global variable variable0=52
declare global variable variable0=38
declares global variable variable0=66
set global variable variable0=3
sets global variable variable0=65
create local variable variable0=33
creates local variable variable0=0
define local variable variable0=80
defines local variable variable0=97
declare local variable variable0=44
declares local variable variable0=11
set local variable variable0=100
sets local variable variable0=89
create variable variable0=14
creates variable variable0=24
define variable variable0=61
defines variable variable0=28
declare variable variable0=39
declares variable variable0=27
set variable variable0=51
sets variable variable0=94
create global variable variable1=70
creates global variable variable1=64
define global variable variable1=90
defines global variable variable1=89
declare global variable variable1=26
declares global variable variable1=44
set global variable variable1=47
sets global variable variable1=60
create local variable variable1=11
creates local variable variable1=39
define local variable variable1=27
defines local variable variable1=91
declare local variable variable1=61
declares local variable variable1=15
set local variable variable1=38
sets local variable variable1=60
create variable variable1=47
creates variable variable1=70
define variable variable1=64
defines variable variable1=79
declare variable variable1=69
declares variable variable1=51
set variable variable1=97
sets variable variable1=74
create global variable variable2=5
creates global variable variable2=73
define global variable variable2=4
defines global variable variable2=26
declare global variable variable2=42
declares global variable variable2=23
set global variable variable2=45
sets global variable variable2=99
create local variable variable2=16
creates local variable variable2=8
define local variable variable2=69
defines local variable variable2=21
declare local variable variable2=14
declares local variable variable2=83
set local variable variable2=39
sets local variable variable2=41
create variable variable2=35
creates variable variable2=69
define variable variable2=12
defines variable variable2=32
declare variable variable2=18
declares variable variable2=54
set variable variable2=26
sets variable variable2=61
create global variable i=94
creates global variable i=9
define global variable i=71
defines global variable i=95
declare global variable i=28
declares global variable i=73
set global variable i=0
sets global variable i=59
create local variable i=18
creates local variable i=83
define local variable i=68
defines local variable i=24
declare local variable i=24
declares local variable i=73
set local variable i=55
sets local variable i=79
create variable i=69
creates variable i=25
define variable i=78
defines variable i=11
declare variable i=70
declares variable i=89
set variable i=43
sets variable i=58
create global variable j=5
creates global variable j=100
define global variable j=70
defines global variable j=15
declare global variable j=94
declares global variable j=73
set global variable j=100
sets global variable j=2
create local variable j=1
creates local variable j=20
define local variable j=88
defines local variable j=83
declare local variable j=89
declares local variable j=7
set local variable j=85
sets local variable j=44
create variable j=28
creates variable j=49
define variable j=13
defines variable j=77
declare variable j=39
declares variable j=32
set variable j=28
sets variable j=97
create global variable k=34
creates global variable k=85
define global variable k=74
defines global variable k=2
declare global variable k=30
declares global variable k=24
set global variable k=37
sets global variable k=63
create local variable k=23
creates local variable k=75
define local variable k=8
defines local variable k=74
declare local variable k=52
declares local variable k=87
set local variable k=73
sets local variable k=3
create variable k=3
creates variable k=23
define variable k=61
defines variable k=66
declare variable k=34
declares variable k=77
set variable k=38
sets variable k=95
create global variable a=26
creates global variable a=6
define global variable a=73
defines global variable a=4
declare global variable a=55
declares global variable a=60
set global variable a=55
sets global variable a=50
create local variable a=87
creates local variable a=60
define local variable a=56
defines local variable a=36
declare local variable a=30
declares local variable a=84
set local variable a=83
sets local variable a=70
create variable a=64
creates variable a=62
define variable a=38
defines variable a=31
declare variable a=91
declares variable a=44
set variable a=40
sets variable a=67
create global variable b=10
creates global variable b=3
define global variable b=25
defines global variable b=49
declare global variable b=61
declares global variable b=75
set global variable b=40
sets global variable b=83
create local variable b=78
creates local variable b=49
define local variable b=23
defines local variable b=40
declare local variable b=96
declares local variable b=97
set local variable b=82
sets local variable b=55
create variable b=57
creates variable b=13
define variable b=90
defines variable b=43
declare variable b=26
declares variable b=52
set variable b=70
sets variable b=72
create global variable c=40
creates global variable c=1
define global variable c=98
defines global variable c=69
declare global variable c=97
declares global variable c=91
set global variable c=5
sets global variable c=57
create local variable c=13
creates local variable c=65
define local variable c=95
defines local variable c=6
declare local variable c=13
declares local variable c=73
set local variable c=25
sets local variable c=29
create variable c=20
creates variable c=3
define variable c=26
defines variable c=33
declare variable c=37
declares variable c=81
set variable c=74
sets variable c=89
create global variables variables0=76
creates global variables variables0=7
define global variables variables0=79
defines global variables variables0=22
declare global variables variables0=39
declares global variables variables0=49
set global variables variables0=50
sets global variables variables0=50
create local variables variables0=39
creates local variables variables0=64
define local variables variables0=22
defines local variables variables0=38
declare local variables variables0=46
declares local variables variables0=35
set local variables variables0=77
sets local variables variables0=13
create variables variables0=47
creates variables variables0=50
define variables variables0=8
defines variables variables0=91
declare variables variables0=53
declares variables variables0=12
set variables variables0=20
sets variables variables0=57
create global variables variables1=65
creates global variables variables1=93
define global variables variables1=23
defines global variables variables1=97
declare global variables variables1=13
declares global variables variables1=97
set global variables variables1=24
sets global variables variables1=85
create local variables variables1=97
creates local variables variables1=35
define local variables variables1=47
defines local variables variables1=18
declare local variables variables1=64
declares local variables variables1=26
set local variables variables1=15
sets local variables variables1=42
create variables variables1=79
creates variables variables1=75
define variables variables1=95
defines variables variables1=13
declare variables variables1=17
declares variables variables1=32
set variables variables1=34
sets variables variables1=43
create global variables variables2=97
creates global variables variables2=72
define global variables variables2=72
defines global variables variables2=56
declare global variables variables2=21
declares global variables variables2=24
set global variables variables2=67
sets global variables variables2=38
create local variables variables2=75
creates local variables variables2=24
define local variables variables2=20
defines local variables variables2=74
declare local variables variables2=83
declares local variables variables2=44
set local variables variables2=12
sets local variables variables2=97
create variables variables2=22
creates variables variables2=53
define variables variables2=92
defines variables variables2=96
declare variables variables2=72
declares variables variables2=67
set variables variables2=81
sets variables variables2=65
create global variables i=74
creates global variables i=81
define global variables i=60
defines global variables i=28
declare global variables i=74
declares global variables i=2
set global variables i=98
sets global variables i=99
create local variables i=71
creates local variables i=35
define local variables i=41
defines local variables i=1
declare local variables i=11
declares local variables i=43
set local variables i=22
sets local variables i=76
create variables i=46
creates variables i=76
define variables i=94
defines variables i=84
declare variables i=35
declares variables i=49
set variables i=4
sets variables i=24
create global variables j=42
creates global variables j=51
define global variables j=70
defines global variables j=6
declare global variables j=92
declares global variables j=52
set global variables j=66
sets global variables j=82
create local variables j=0
creates local variables j=27
define local variables j=16
defines local variables j=87
declare local variables j=61
declares local variables j=88
set local variables j=29
sets local variables j=56
create variables j=55
creates variables j=39
define variables j=91
defines variables j=88
declare variables j=36
declares variables j=86
set variables j=36
sets variables j=41
create global variables k=100
creates global variables k=50
define global variables k=93
defines global variables k=79
declare global variables k=46
declares global variables k=0
set global variables k=38
sets global variables k=6
create local variables k=7
creates local variables k=84
define local variables k=81
defines local variables k=72
declare local variables k=51
declares local variables k=23
set local variables k=75
sets local variables k=60
create variables k=55
creates variables k=54
define variables k=66
defines variables k=69
declare variables k=81
declares variables k=44
set variables k=22
sets variables k=92
create global variables a=21
creates global variables a=55
define global variables a=24
defines global variables a=42
declare global variables a=50
declares global variables a=3
set global variables a=14
sets global variables a=94
create local variables a=37
creates local variables a=65
define local variables a=39
defines local variables a=38
declare local variables a=100
declares local variables a=53
set local variables a=54
sets local variables a=39
create variables a=47
creates variables a=29
define variables a=37
defines variables a=90
declare variables a=51
declares variables a=58
set variables a=87
sets variables a=5
create global variables b=9
creates global variables b=9
define global variables b=46
defines global variables b=66
declare global variables b=12
declares global variables b=2
set global variables b=90
sets global variables b=59
create local variables b=76
creates local variables b=76
define local variables b=40
defines local variables b=72
declare local variables b=8
declares local variables b=71
set local variables b=35
sets local variables b=84
create variables b=34
creates variables b=81
define variables b=89
defines variables b=55
declare variables b=50
declares variables b=95
set variables b=24
sets variables b=82
create global variables c=56
creates global variables c=72
define global variables c=91
defines global variables c=57
declare global variables c=78
declares global variables c=11
set global variables c=9
sets global variables c=100
create local variables c=39
creates local variables c=57
define local variables c=30
defines local variables c=86
declare local variables c=78
declares local variables c=65
set local variables c=56
sets local variables c=99
create variables c=64
creates variables c=71
define variables c=7
defines variables c=81
declare variables c=74
declares variables c=19
set variables c=46
sets variables c=55
create global var var0=44
creates global var var0=80
define global var var0=57
defines global var var0=12
declare global var var0=63
declares global var var0=47
set global var var0=29
sets global var var0=20
create local var var0=48
creates local var var0=52
define local var var0=50
defines local var var0=28
declare local var var0=6
declares local var var0=17
set local var var0=82
sets local var var0=71
create var var0=34
creates var var0=9
define var var0=47
defines var var0=8
declare var var0=98
declares var var0=74
set var var0=81
sets var var0=26
create global var var1=56
creates global var var1=12
define global var var1=94
defines global var var1=15
declare global var var1=56
declares global var var1=92
set global var var1=77
sets global var var1=36
create local var var1=30
creates local var var1=31
define local var var1=55
defines local var var1=41
declare local var var1=78
declares local var var1=15
set local var var1=1
sets local var var1=20
create var var1=53
creates var var1=70
define var var1=48
defines var var1=65
declare var var1=48
declares var var1=94
set var var1=58
sets var var1=60
create global var var2=42
creates global var var2=24
define global var var2=72
defines global var var2=100
declare global var var2=52
declares global var var2=10
set global var var2=73
sets global var var2=4
create local var var2=72
creates local var var2=39
define local var var2=73
defines local var var2=25
declare local var var2=82
declares local var var2=60
set local var var2=11
sets local var var2=15
create var var2=23
creates var var2=41
define var var2=95
defines var var2=69
declare var var2=17
declares var var2=2
set var var2=13
sets var var2=4
create global var i=81
creates global var i=42
define global var i=96
defines global var i=48
declare global var i=0
declares global var i=46
set global var i=32
sets global var i=83
create local var i=17
creates local var i=77
define local var i=3
defines local var i=48
declare local var i=4
declares local var i=62
set local var i=99
sets local var i=36
create var i=33
creates var i=96
define var i=54
defines var i=3
declare var i=60
declares var i=29
set var i=23
sets var i=34
create global var j=88
creates global var j=48
define global var j=88
defines global var j=8
declare global var j=19
declares global var j=40
set global var j=8
sets global var j=28
create local var j=11
creates local var j=63
define local var j=45
defines local var j=29
declare local var j=92
declares local var j=25
set local var j=14
sets local var j=47
create var j=48
creates var j=24
define var j=21
defines var j=31
declare var j=39
declares var j=10
set var j=94
sets var j=40
create global var k=61
creates global var k=14
define global var k=72
defines global var k=4
declare global var k=90
declares global var k=3
set global var k=73
sets global var k=79
create local var k=82
creates local var k=41
define local var k=63
defines local var k=39
declare local var k=66
declares local var k=94
set local var k=16
sets local var k=87
create var k=73
creates var k=73
define var k=18
defines var k=43
declare var k=56
declares var k=97
set var k=3
sets var k=82
create global var a=61
creates global var a=87
define global var a=95
defines global var a=98
declare global var a=38
declares global var a=3
set global var a=77
sets global var a=52
create local var a=8
creates local var a=19
define local var a=48
defines local var a=37
declare local var a=36
declares local var a=31
set local var a=48
sets local var a=97
create var a=77
creates var a=48
define var a=4
defines var a=14
declare var a=61
declares var a=30
set var a=77
sets var a=81
create global var b=51
creates global var b=81
define global var b=11
defines global var b=94
declare global var b=32
declares global var b=10
set global var b=86
sets global var b=39
create local var b=87
creates local var b=4
define local var b=76
defines local var b=96
declare local var b=63
declares local var b=89
set local var b=86
sets local var b=21
create var b=94
creates var b=14
define var b=86
defines var b=46
declare var b=3
declares var b=34
set var b=44
sets var b=23
create global var c=48
creates global var c=40
define global var c=25
defines global var c=92
declare global var c=41
declares global var c=29
set global var c=84
sets global var c=53
create local var c=61
creates local var c=98
define local var c=14
defines local var c=56
declare local var c=90
declares local var c=88
set local var c=53
sets local var c=42
create var c=49
creates var c=85
define var c=24
defines var c=9
declare var c=77
declares var c=46
set var c=24
sets var c=68
create global vars vars0=66
creates global vars vars0=41
define global vars vars0=25
defines global vars vars0=76
declare global vars vars0=63
declares global vars vars0=79
set global vars vars0=60
sets global vars vars0=50
create local vars vars0=2
creates local vars vars0=24
define local vars vars0=85
defines local vars vars0=16
declare local vars vars0=57
declares local vars vars0=89
set local vars vars0=30
sets local vars vars0=23
create vars vars0=98
creates vars vars0=48
define vars vars0=48
defines vars vars0=76
declare vars vars0=6
declares vars vars0=22
set vars vars0=5
sets vars vars0=26
create global vars vars1=69
creates global vars vars1=10
define global vars vars1=29
defines global vars vars1=16
declare global vars vars1=24
declares global vars vars1=11
set global vars vars1=4
sets global vars vars1=9
create local vars vars1=81
creates local vars vars1=9
define local vars vars1=78
defines local vars vars1=30
declare local vars vars1=76
declares local vars vars1=42
set local vars vars1=4
sets local vars vars1=35
create vars vars1=67
creates vars vars1=29
define vars vars1=52
defines vars vars1=24
declare vars vars1=12
declares vars vars1=97
set vars vars1=4
sets vars vars1=36
create global vars vars2=83
creates global vars vars2=36
define global vars vars2=63
defines global vars vars2=11
declare global vars vars2=9
declares global vars vars2=73
set global vars vars2=68
sets global vars vars2=24
create local vars vars2=14
creates local vars vars2=40
define local vars vars2=4
defines local vars vars2=36
declare local vars vars2=3
declares local vars vars2=17
set local vars vars2=8
sets local vars vars2=8
create vars vars2=91
creates vars vars2=41
define vars vars2=48
defines vars vars2=53
declare vars vars2=71
declares vars vars2=91
set vars vars2=19
sets vars vars2=18
create global vars i=73
creates global vars i=34
define global vars i=43
defines global vars i=90
declare global vars i=79
declares global vars i=79
set global vars i=90
sets global vars i=15
create local vars i=94
creates local vars i=87
define local vars i=16
defines local vars i=48
declare local vars i=80
declares local vars i=4
set local vars i=13
sets local vars i=34
create vars i=62
creates vars i=13
define vars i=37
defines vars i=59
declare vars i=77
declares vars i=61
set vars i=68
sets vars i=62
create global vars j=29
creates global vars j=15
define global vars j=12
defines global vars j=15
declare global vars j=22
declares global vars j=8
set global vars j=93
sets global vars j=27
create local vars j=90
creates local vars j=98
define local vars j=1
defines local vars j=9
declare local vars j=81
declares local vars j=50
set local vars j=10
sets local vars j=21
create vars j=68
creates vars j=72
define vars j=35
defines vars j=68
declare vars j=22
declares vars j=27
set vars j=86
sets vars j=99
create global vars k=16
creates global vars k=58
define global vars k=88
defines global vars k=64
declare global vars k=98
declares global vars k=92
set global vars k=22
sets global vars k=81
create local vars k=19
creates local vars k=49
define local vars k=48
defines local vars k=61
declare local vars k=93
declares local vars k=27
set local vars k=37
sets local vars k=7
create vars k=16
creates vars k=56
define vars k=80
defines vars k=5
declare vars k=82
declares vars k=11
set vars k=35
sets vars k=92
create global vars a=50
creates global vars a=0
define global vars a=80
defines global vars a=51
declare global vars a=2
declares global vars a=34
set global vars a=34
sets global vars a=13
create local vars a=68
creates local vars a=65
define local vars a=7
defines local vars a=74
declare local vars a=91
declares local vars a=38
set local vars a=86
sets local vars a=47
create vars a=4
creates vars a=32
define vars a=23
defines vars a=13
declare vars a=30
declares vars a=85
set vars a=14
sets vars a=37
create global vars b=92
creates global vars b=49
define global vars b=15
defines global vars b=74
declare global vars b=45
declares global vars b=88
set global vars b=57
sets global vars b=34
create local vars b=55
creates local vars b=23
define local vars b=93
defines local vars b=72
declare local vars b=100
declares local vars b=25
set local vars b=64
sets local vars b=79
create vars b=77
creates vars b=2
define vars b=6
defines vars b=79
declare vars b=56
declares vars b=52
set vars b=78
sets vars b=28
create global vars c=24
creates global vars c=72
define global vars c=65
defines global vars c=89
declare global vars c=66
declares global vars c=78
set global vars c=2
sets global vars c=44
create local vars c=32
creates local vars c=63
define local vars c=73
defines local vars c=74
declare local vars c=97
declares local vars c=30
set local vars c=41
sets local vars c=18
create vars c=69
creates vars c=21
define vars c=99
defines vars c=53
declare vars c=51
declares vars c=40
set vars c=99
sets vars c=86
create global double double0=35
creates global double double0=6
define global double double0=71
defines global double double0=88
declare global double double0=67
declares global double double0=65
set global double double0=9
sets global double double0=17
create local double double0=28
creates local double double0=84
define local double double0=31
defines local double double0=91
declare local double double0=39
declares local double double0=77
set local double double0=1
sets local double double0=42
create double double0=74
creates double double0=96
define double double0=86
defines double double0=1
declare double double0=28
declares double double0=43
set double double0=55
sets double double0=24
create global double double1=2
creates global double double1=80
define global double double1=62
defines global double double1=59
declare global double double1=40
declares global double double1=20
set global double double1=97
sets global double double1=85
create local double double1=58
creates local double double1=21
define local double double1=53
defines local double double1=1
declare local double double1=100
declares local double double1=75
set local double double1=92
sets local double double1=83
create double double1=70
creates double double1=30
define double double1=95
defines double double1=63
declare double double1=77
declares double double1=28
set double double1=38
sets double double1=83
create global double double2=19
creates global double double2=77
define global double double2=11
defines global double double2=45
declare global double double2=27
declares global double double2=65
set global double double2=75
sets global double double2=27
create local double double2=10
creates local double double2=26
define local double double2=8
defines local double double2=99
declare local double double2=62
declares local double double2=22
set local double double2=54
sets local double double2=19
create double double2=84
creates double double2=23
define double double2=67
defines double double2=79
declare double double2=42
declares double double2=78
set double double2=85
sets double double2=24
create global double i=24
creates global double i=9
define global double i=24
defines global double i=70
declare global double i=81
declares global double i=68
set global double i=4
sets global double i=65
create local double i=94
creates local double i=29
define local double i=42
defines local double i=83
declare local double i=91
declares local double i=43
set local double i=39
sets local double i=60
create double i=53
creates double i=33
define double i=39
defines double i=58
declare double i=27
declares double i=95
set double i=97
sets double i=16
create global double j=47
creates global double j=97
define global double j=80
defines global double j=54
declare global double j=2
declares global double j=6
set global double j=92
sets global double j=83
create local double j=22
creates local double j=0
define local double j=85
defines local double j=25
declare local double j=12
declares local double j=96
set local double j=99
sets local double j=0
create double j=15
creates double j=32
define double j=72
defines double j=61
declare double j=74
declares double j=94
set double j=40
sets double j=24
create global double k=2
creates global double k=89
define global double k=36
defines global double k=46
declare global double k=3
declares global double k=44
set global double k=11
sets global double k=79
create local double k=77
creates local double k=13
define local double k=61
defines local double k=31
declare local double k=44
declares local double k=30
set local double k=37
sets local double k=96
create double k=79
creates double k=1
define double k=30
defines double k=22
declare double k=48
declares double k=26
set double k=33
sets double k=50
create global double a=54
creates global double a=41
define global double a=44
defines global double a=35
declare global double a=73
declares global double a=42
set global double a=58
sets global double a=79
create local double a=70
creates local double a=97
define local double a=81
defines local double a=66
declare local double a=18
declares local double a=42
set local double a=3
sets local double a=38
create double a=33
creates double a=61
define double a=15
defines double a=42
declare double a=29
declares double a=64
set double a=83
sets double a=46
create global double b=93
creates global double b=80
define global double b=79
defines global double b=12
declare global double b=77
declares global double b=83
set global double b=65
sets global double b=69
create local double b=16
creates local double b=41
define local double b=28
defines local double b=72
declare local double b=83
declares local double b=5
set local double b=20
sets local double b=22
create double b=24
creates double b=36
define double b=79
defines double b=15
declare double b=84
declares double b=44
set double b=82
sets double b=73
create global double c=85
creates global double c=12
define global double c=43
defines global double c=42
declare global double c=2
declares global double c=58
set global double c=66
sets global double c=42
create local double c=87
creates local double c=38
define local double c=20
defines local double c=61
declare local double c=84
declares local double c=54
set local double c=25
sets local double c=90
create double c=82
creates double c=56
define double c=93
defines double c=1
declare double c=2
declares double c=21
set double c=46
sets double c=0
create global doubles doubles0=14
creates global doubles doubles0=86
define global doubles doubles0=33
defines global doubles doubles0=81
declare global doubles doubles0=81
declares global doubles doubles0=36
set global doubles doubles0=14
sets global doubles doubles0=3
create local doubles doubles0=96
creates local doubles doubles0=11
define local doubles doubles0=58
defines local doubles doubles0=53
declare local doubles doubles0=85
declares local doubles doubles0=20
set local doubles doubles0=0
sets local doubles doubles0=9
create doubles doubles0=27
creates doubles doubles0=22
define doubles doubles0=57
defines doubles doubles0=63
declare doubles doubles0=63
declares doubles doubles0=99
set doubles doubles0=100
sets doubles doubles0=62
create global doubles doubles1=74
creates global doubles doubles1=18
define global doubles doubles1=71
defines global doubles doubles1=81
declare global doubles doubles1=2
declares global doubles doubles1=81
set global doubles doubles1=7
sets global doubles doubles1=95
create local doubles doubles1=98
creates local doubles doubles1=53
define local doubles doubles1=28
defines local doubles doubles1=40
declare local doubles doubles1=22
declares local doubles doubles1=63
set local doubles doubles1=58
sets local doubles doubles1=2
create doubles doubles1=11
creates doubles doubles1=59
define doubles doubles1=85
defines doubles doubles1=43
declare doubles doubles1=56
declares doubles doubles1=71
set doubles doubles1=50
sets doubles doubles1=59
create global doubles doubles2=43
creates global doubles doubles2=22
define global doubles doubles2=3
defines global doubles doubles2=62
declare global doubles doubles2=31
declares global doubles doubles2=56
set global doubles doubles2=13
sets global doubles doubles2=34
create local doubles doubles2=90
creates local doubles doubles2=21
define local doubles doubles2=76
defines local doubles doubles2=64
declare local doubles doubles2=43
declares local doubles doubles2=22
set local doubles doubles2=62
sets local doubles doubles2=49
create doubles doubles2=18
creates doubles doubles2=77
define doubles doubles2=59
defines doubles doubles2=89
declare doubles doubles2=77
declares doubles doubles2=92
set doubles doubles2=43
sets doubles doubles2=81
create global doubles i=71
creates global doubles i=11
define global doubles i=1
defines global doubles i=66
declare global doubles i=81
declares global doubles i=15
set global doubles i=86
sets global doubles i=75
create local doubles i=29
creates local doubles i=50
define local doubles i=36
defines local doubles i=34
declare local doubles i=88
declares local doubles i=3
set local doubles i=47
sets local doubles i=2
create doubles i=24
creates doubles i=80
define doubles i=21
defines doubles i=91
declare doubles i=17
declares doubles i=68
set doubles i=5
sets doubles i=46
create global doubles j=48
creates global doubles j=72
define global doubles j=27
defines global doubles j=24
declare global doubles j=7
declares global doubles j=83
set global doubles j=97
sets global doubles j=88
create local doubles j=94
creates local doubles j=41
define local doubles j=84
defines local doubles j=21
declare local doubles j=30
declares local doubles j=93
set local doubles j=68
sets local doubles j=57
create doubles j=72
creates doubles j=57
define doubles j=54
defines doubles j=72
declare doubles j=47
declares doubles j=15
set doubles j=14
sets doubles j=40
create global doubles k=33
creates global doubles k=8
define global doubles k=90
defines global doubles k=26
declare global doubles k=96
declares global doubles k=70
set global doubles k=86
sets global doubles k=84
create local doubles k=81
creates local doubles k=11
define local doubles k=38
defines local doubles k=17
declare local doubles k=71
declares local doubles k=75
set local doubles k=92
sets local doubles k=54
create doubles k=99
creates doubles k=28
define doubles k=33
defines doubles k=35
declare doubles k=2
declares doubles k=70
set doubles k=92
sets doubles k=28
create global doubles a=62
creates global doubles a=44
define global doubles a=87
defines global doubles a=56
declare global doubles a=10
declares global doubles a=17
set global doubles a=60
sets global doubles a=78
create local doubles a=13
creates local doubles a=49
define local doubles a=27
defines local doubles a=19
declare local doubles a=11
declares local doubles a=50
set local doubles a=15
sets local doubles a=53
create doubles a=48
creates doubles a=68
define doubles a=38
defines doubles a=45
declare doubles a=7
declares doubles a=63
set doubles a=79
sets doubles a=45
create global doubles b=95
creates global doubles b=61
define global doubles b=72
defines global doubles b=64
declare global doubles b=60
declares global doubles b=84
set global doubles b=93
sets global doubles b=57
create local doubles b=36
creates local doubles b=33
define local doubles b=63
defines local doubles b=43
declare local doubles b=15
declares local doubles b=5
set local doubles b=82
sets local doubles b=12
create doubles b=98
creates doubles b=3
define doubles b=93
defines doubles b=71
declare doubles b=21
declares doubles b=61
set doubles b=82
sets doubles b=7
create global doubles c=42
creates global doubles c=73
define global doubles c=15
defines global doubles c=70
declare global doubles c=31
declares global doubles c=69
set global doubles c=37
sets global doubles c=67
create local doubles c=5
creates local doubles c=8
define local doubles c=17
defines local doubles c=47
declare local doubles c=30
declares local doubles c=93
set local doubles c=43
sets local doubles c=24
create doubles c=100
creates doubles c=80
define doubles c=16
defines doubles c=65
declare doubles c=81
declares doubles c=56
set doubles c=5
sets doubles c=67
create global character character0=45
creates global character character0=88
define global character character0=79
defines global character character0=50
declare global character character0=25
declares global character character0=60
set global character character0=0
sets global character character0=91
create local character character0=43
creates local character character0=56
define local character character0=15
defines local character character0=76
declare local character character0=45
declares local character character0=91
set local character character0=98
sets local character character0=77
create character character0=22
creates character character0=5
define character character0=28
defines character character0=63
declare character character0=31
declares character character0=62
set character character0=13
sets character character0=67
create global character character1=27
creates global character character1=47
define global character character1=10
defines global character character1=53
declare global character character1=61
declares global character character1=48
set global character character1=70
sets global character character1=3
create local character character1=54
creates local character character1=1
define local character character1=23
defines local character character1=84
declare local character character1=35
declares local character character1=20
set local character character1=20
sets local character character1=98
create character character1=14
creates character character1=2
define character character1=18
defines character character1=22
declare character character1=52
declares character character1=61
set character character1=6
sets character character1=49
create global character character2=28
creates global character character2=95
define global character character2=73
defines global character character2=19
declare global character character2=15
declares global character character2=16
set global character character2=16
sets global character character2=26
create local character character2=50
creates local character character2=21
define local character character2=38
defines local character character2=53
declare local character character2=75
declares local character character2=44
set local character character2=11
sets local character character2=48
create character character2=76
creates character character2=55
define character character2=89
defines character character2=87
declare character character2=85
declares character character2=98
set character character2=23
sets character character2=25
create global character i=12
creates global character i=100
define global character i=91
defines global character i=73
declare global character i=13
declares global character i=84
set global character i=89
sets global character i=99
create local character i=76
creates local character i=7
define local character i=41
defines local character i=87
declare local character i=60
declares local character i=26
set local character i=84
sets local character i=23
create character i=93
creates character i=89
define character i=100
defines character i=51
declare character i=96
declares character i=68
set character i=100
sets character i=73
create global character j=4
creates global character j=87
define global character j=11
defines global character j=49
declare global character j=72
declares global character j=58
set global character j=100
sets global character j=66
create local character j=78
creates local character j=46
define local character j=28
defines local character j=12
declare local character j=51
declares local character j=10
set local character j=67
sets local character j=48
create character j=61
creates character j=96
define character j=48
defines character j=46
declare character j=12
declares character j=64
set character j=75
sets character j=88
create global character k=28
creates global character k=96
define global character k=87
defines global character k=73
declare global character k=38
declares global character k=65
set global character k=70
sets global character k=41
create local character k=61
creates local character k=22
define local character k=29
defines local character k=59
declare local character k=59
declares local character k=97
set local character k=53
sets local character k=45
create character k=35
creates character k=42
define character k=84
defines character k=56
declare character k=98
declares character k=14
set character k=34
sets character k=42
create global character a=94
creates global character a=64
define global character a=62
defines global character a=2
declare global character a=0
declares global character a=80
set global character a=26
sets global character a=91
create local character a=77
creates local character a=77
define local character a=96
defines local character a=70
declare local character a=22
declares local character a=72
set local character a=54
sets local character a=0
create character a=32
creates character a=98
define character a=42
defines character a=1
declare character a=57
declares character a=84
set character a=52
sets character a=29
create global character b=19
creates global character b=89
define global character b=99
defines global character b=4
declare global character b=14
declares global character b=5
set global character b=50
sets global character b=88
create local character b=62
creates local character b=43
define local character b=18
defines local character b=11
declare local character b=22
declares local character b=7
set local character b=63
sets local character b=31
create character b=87
creates character b=59
define character b=43
defines character b=17
declare character b=35
declares character b=50
set character b=25
sets character b=27
create global character c=39
creates global character c=8
define global character c=84
defines global character c=21
declare global character c=65
declares global character c=83
set global character c=82
sets global character c=74
create local character c=6
creates local character c=25
define local character c=98
defines local character c=53
declare local character c=4
declares local character c=32
set local character c=12
sets local character c=38
create character c=87
creates character c=18
define character c=21
defines character c=68
declare character c=33
declares character c=60
set character c=57
sets character c=75
create global characters characters0=28
creates global characters characters0=98
define global characters characters0=12
defines global characters characters0=28
declare global characters characters0=24
declares global characters characters0=21
set global characters characters0=50
sets global characters characters0=79
create local characters characters0=43
creates local characters characters0=24
define local characters characters0=31
defines local characters characters0=33
declare local characters characters0=41
declares local characters characters0=24
set local characters characters0=48
sets local characters characters0=79
create characters characters0=15
creates characters characters0=84
define characters characters0=57
defines characters characters0=1
declare characters characters0=6
declares characters characters0=76
set characters characters0=40
sets characters characters0=97
create global characters characters1=60
creates global characters characters1=44
define global characters characters1=18
defines global characters characters1=51
declare global characters characters1=73
declares global characters characters1=61
set global characters characters1=75
sets global characters characters1=80
create local characters characters1=13
creates local characters characters1=96
define local characters characters1=19
defines local characters characters1=89
declare local characters characters1=49
declares local characters characters1=39
set local characters characters1=57
sets local characters characters1=33
create characters characters1=63
creates characters characters1=60
define characters characters1=66
defines characters characters1=18
declare characters characters1=69
declares characters characters1=3
set characters characters1=71
sets characters characters1=57
create global characters characters2=95
creates global characters characters2=69
define global characters characters2=100
defines global characters characters2=94
declare global characters characters2=78
declares global characters characters2=86
set global characters characters2=65
sets global characters characters2=90
create local characters characters2=98
creates local characters characters2=100
define local characters characters2=62
defines local characters characters2=76
declare local characters characters2=44
declares local characters characters2=12
set local characters characters2=71
sets local characters characters2=85
create characters characters2=54
creates characters characters2=14
define characters characters2=76
defines characters characters2=40
declare characters characters2=36
declares characters characters2=4
set characters characters2=28
sets characters characters2=17
create global characters i=17
creates global characters i=67
define global characters i=47
defines global characters i=2
declare global characters i=55
declares global characters i=71
set global characters i=45
sets global characters i=14
create local characters i=23
creates local characters i=62
define local characters i=11
defines local characters i=58
declare local characters i=34
declares local characters i=79
set local characters i=93
sets local characters i=81
create characters i=9
creates characters i=18
define characters i=60
defines characters i=17
declare characters i=15
declares characters i=22
set characters i=57
sets characters i=13
create global characters j=62
creates global characters j=46
define global characters j=63
defines global characters j=63
declare global characters j=85
declares global characters j=83
set global characters j=63
sets global characters j=45
create local characters j=40
creates local characters j=91
define local characters j=100
defines local characters j=63
declare local characters j=45
declares local characters j=59
set local characters j=69
sets local characters j=53
create characters j=80
creates characters j=85
define characters j=37
defines characters j=74
declare characters j=37
declares characters j=43
set characters j=56
sets characters j=72
create global characters k=29
creates global characters k=97
define global characters k=66
defines global characters k=5
declare global characters k=80
declares global characters k=11
set global characters k=97
sets global characters k=83
create local characters k=40
creates local characters k=8
define local characters k=43
defines local characters k=79
declare local characters k=51
declares local characters k=26
set local characters k=74
sets local characters k=15
create characters k=46
creates characters k=27
define characters k=77
defines characters k=0
declare characters k=66
declares characters k=75
set characters k=92
sets characters k=22
create global characters a=18
creates global characters a=10
define global characters a=72
defines global characters a=48
declare global characters a=9
declares global characters a=44
set global characters a=47
sets global characters a=24
create local characters a=28
creates local characters a=31
define local characters a=41
defines local characters a=52
declare local characters a=8
declares local characters a=17
set local characters a=57
sets local characters a=6
create characters a=95
creates characters a=22
define characters a=21
defines characters a=97
declare characters a=37
declares characters a=59
set characters a=33
sets characters a=20
create global characters b=42
creates global characters b=13
define global characters b=31
defines global characters b=61
declare global characters b=91
declares global characters b=51
set global characters b=24
sets global characters b=87
create local characters b=85
creates local characters b=54
define local characters b=87
defines local characters b=97
declare local characters b=52
declares local characters b=52
set local characters b=43
sets local characters b=12
create characters b=65
creates characters b=45
define characters b=74
defines characters b=51
declare characters b=86
declares characters b=16
set characters b=74
sets characters b=80
create global characters c=88
creates global characters c=39
define global characters c=71
defines global characters c=60
declare global characters c=71
declares global characters c=49
set global characters c=90
sets global characters c=47
create local characters c=51
creates local characters c=57
define local characters c=69
defines local characters c=92
declare local characters c=53
declares local characters c=57
set local characters c=76
sets local characters c=83
create characters c=31
creates characters c=1
define characters c=47
defines characters c=32
declare characters c=60
declares characters c=11
set characters c=79
sets characters c=88
create global char char0=4
creates global char char0=21
define global char char0=77
defines global char char0=47
declare global char char0=47
declares global char char0=36
set global char char0=41
sets global char char0=0
create local char char0=56
creates local char char0=31
define local char char0=35
defines local char char0=2
declare local char char0=38
declares local char char0=55
set local char char0=5
sets local char char0=66
create char char0=30
creates char char0=100
define char char0=2
defines char char0=32
declare char char0=57
declares char char0=20
set char char0=29
sets char char0=11
create global char char1=78
creates global char char1=6
define global char char1=59
defines global char char1=58
declare global char char1=29
declares global char char1=45
set global char char1=46
sets global char char1=6
create local char char1=8
creates local char char1=15
define local char char1=31
defines local char char1=63
declare local char char1=53
declares local char char1=4
set local char char1=73
sets local char char1=74
create char char1=99
creates char char1=50
define char char1=12
defines char char1=98
declare char char1=23
declares char char1=65
set char char1=86
sets char char1=25
create global char char2=88
creates global char char2=91
define global char char2=25
defines global char char2=84
declare global char char2=67
declares global char char2=12
set global char char2=36
sets global char char2=79
create local char char2=35
creates local char char2=70
define local char char2=47
defines local char char2=38
declare local char char2=77
declares local char char2=61
set local char char2=22
sets local char char2=97
create char char2=21
creates char char2=5
define char char2=10
defines char char2=58
declare char char2=40
declares char char2=82
set char char2=66
sets char char2=93
create global char i=51
creates global char i=84
define global char i=67
defines global char i=46
declare global char i=79
declares global char i=1
set global char i=5
sets global char i=50
create local char i=48
creates local char i=37
define local char i=47
defines local char i=32
declare local char i=22
declares local char i=17
set local char i=97
sets local char i=12
create char i=24
creates char i=39
define char i=28
defines char i=99
declare char i=43
declares char i=46
set char i=98
sets char i=100
create global char j=1
creates global char j=3
define global char j=76
defines global char j=78
declare global char j=76
declares global char j=41
set global char j=10
sets global char j=95
create local char j=43
creates local char j=50
define local char j=85
defines local char j=48
declare local char j=65
declares local char j=61
set local char j=3
sets local char j=96
create char j=10
creates char j=32
define char j=31
defines char j=93
declare char j=42
declares char j=91
set char j=32
sets char j=58
create global char k=78
creates global char k=70
define global char k=83
defines global char k=69
declare global char k=43
declares global char k=73
set global char k=90
sets global char k=83
create local char k=54
creates local char k=77
define local char k=59
defines local char k=23
declare local char k=99
declares local char k=47
set local char k=10
sets local char k=6
create char k=10
creates char k=54
define char k=47
defines char k=94
declare char k=11
declares char k=14
set char k=51
sets char k=51
create global char a=73
creates global char a=54
define global char a=46
defines global char a=66
declare global char a=69
declares global char a=38
set global char a=3
sets global char a=25
create local char a=74
creates local char a=83
define local char a=79
defines local char a=57
declare local char a=62
declares local char a=19
set local char a=92
sets local char a=5
create char a=47
creates char a=2
define char a=13
defines char a=44
declare char a=35
declares char a=28
set char a=80
sets char a=12
create global char b=39
creates global char b=25
define global char b=92
defines global char b=95
declare global char b=11
declares global char b=0
set global char b=51
sets global char b=50
create local char b=13
creates local char b=2
define local char b=94
defines local char b=19
declare local char b=42
declares local char b=38
set local char b=10
sets local char b=42
create char b=92
creates char b=91
define char b=32
defines char b=100
declare char b=20
declares char b=6
set char b=28
sets char b=100
create global char c=32
creates global char c=84
define global char c=49
defines global char c=59
declare global char c=45
declares global char c=58
set global char c=81
sets global char c=20
create local char c=7
creates local char c=16
define local char c=53
defines local char c=43
declare local char c=33
declares local char c=13
set local char c=81
sets local char c=86
create char c=58
creates char c=19
define char c=32
defines char c=1
declare char c=50
declares char c=24
set char c=50
sets char c=13
create global chars chars0=45
creates global chars chars0=71
define global chars chars0=38
defines global chars chars0=21
declare global chars chars0=87
declares global chars chars0=0
set global chars chars0=36
sets global chars chars0=59
create local chars chars0=30
creates local chars chars0=93
define local chars chars0=43
defines local chars chars0=37
declare local chars chars0=74
declares local chars chars0=78
set local chars chars0=35
sets local chars chars0=95
create chars chars0=14
creates chars chars0=75
define chars chars0=73
defines chars chars0=66
declare chars chars0=16
declares chars chars0=52
set chars chars0=26
sets chars chars0=55
create global chars chars1=34
creates global chars chars1=32
define global chars chars1=76
defines global chars chars1=68
declare global chars chars1=82
declares global chars chars1=54
set global chars chars1=2
sets global chars chars1=30
create local chars chars1=79
creates local chars chars1=18
define local chars chars1=90
defines local chars chars1=25
declare local chars chars1=76
declares local chars chars1=15
set local chars chars1=50
sets local chars chars1=64
create chars chars1=16
creates chars chars1=23
define chars chars1=86
defines chars chars1=45
declare chars chars1=18
declares chars chars1=64
set chars chars1=74
sets chars chars1=63
create global chars chars2=84
creates global chars chars2=67
define global chars chars2=1
defines global chars chars2=88
declare global chars chars2=73
declares global chars chars2=79
set global chars chars2=54
sets global chars chars2=52
create local chars chars2=54
creates local chars chars2=21
define local chars chars2=61
defines local chars chars2=18
declare local chars chars2=57
declares local chars chars2=13
set local chars chars2=47
sets local chars chars2=70
create chars chars2=97
creates chars chars2=1
define chars chars2=60
defines chars chars2=32
declare chars chars2=45
declares chars chars2=100
set chars chars2=100
sets chars chars2=52
create global chars i=55
creates global chars i=30
define global chars i=50
defines global chars i=62
declare global chars i=49
declares global chars i=99
set global chars i=29
sets global chars i=45
create local chars i=91
creates local chars i=63
define local chars i=94
defines local chars i=1
declare local chars i=82
declares local chars i=78
set local chars i=96
sets local chars i=74
create chars i=0
creates chars i=99
define chars i=37
defines chars i=66
declare chars i=83
declares chars i=67
set chars i=2
sets chars i=21
create global chars j=82
creates global chars j=29
define global chars j=31
defines global chars j=44
declare global chars j=84
declares global chars j=97
set global chars j=12
sets global chars j=52
create local chars j=65
creates local chars j=65
define local chars j=29
defines local chars j=85
declare local chars j=67
declares local chars j=49
set local chars j=61
sets local chars j=50
create chars j=42
creates chars j=85
define chars j=42
defines chars j=56
declare chars j=8
declares chars j=86
set chars j=22
sets chars j=2
create global chars k=84
creates global chars k=92
define global chars k=65
defines global chars k=34
declare global chars k=12
declares global chars k=80
set global chars k=13
sets global chars k=88
create local chars k=0
creates local chars k=52
define local chars k=32
defines local chars k=18
declare local chars k=5
declares local chars k=35
set local chars k=52
sets local chars k=58
create chars k=60
creates chars k=24
define chars k=60
defines chars k=86
declare chars k=48
declares chars k=27
set chars k=85
sets chars k=12
create global chars a=5
creates global chars a=59
define global chars a=40
defines global chars a=36
declare global chars a=9
declares global chars a=61
set global chars a=54
sets global chars a=66
create local chars a=97
creates local chars a=47
define local chars a=98
defines local chars a=89
declare local chars a=56
declares local chars a=58
set local chars a=16
sets local chars a=73
create chars a=36
creates chars a=34
define chars a=99
defines chars a=66
declare chars a=1
declares chars a=67
set chars a=5
sets chars a=2
create global chars b=70
creates global chars b=91
define global chars b=17
defines global chars b=93
declare global chars b=78
declares global chars b=89
set global chars b=58
sets global chars b=90
create local chars b=44
creates local chars b=39
define local chars b=20
defines local chars b=42
declare local chars b=13
declares local chars b=50
set local chars b=64
sets local chars b=31
create chars b=75
creates chars b=83
define chars b=39
defines chars b=49
declare chars b=6
declares chars b=89
set chars b=8
sets chars b=55
create global chars c=67
creates global chars c=43
define global chars c=79
defines global chars c=0
declare global chars c=36
declares global chars c=70
set global chars c=88
sets global chars c=50
create local chars c=81
creates local chars c=93
define local chars c=51
defines local chars c=94
declare local chars c=96
declares local chars c=51
set local chars c=79
sets local chars c=67
create chars c=28
creates chars c=75
define chars c=69
defines chars c=83
declare chars c=10
declares chars c=94
set chars c=50
sets chars c=1
create global string string0=81
creates global string string0=75
define global string string0=56
defines global string string0=72
declare global string string0=13
declares global string string0=12
set global string string0=49
sets global string string0=80
create local string string0=64
creates local string string0=98
define local string string0=56
defines local string string0=45
declare local string string0=13
declares local string string0=100
set local string string0=6
sets local string string0=21
create string string0=14
creates string string0=34
define string string0=1
defines string string0=53
declare string string0=97
declares string string0=37
set string string0=87
sets string string0=68
create global string string1=15
creates global string string1=37
define global string string1=90
defines global string string1=14
declare global string string1=25
declares global string string1=71
set global string string1=71
sets global string string1=65
create local string string1=84
creates local string string1=45
define local string string1=33
defines local string string1=95
declare local string string1=35
declares local string string1=49
set local string string1=77
sets local string string1=18
create string string1=68
creates string string1=84
define string string1=48
defines string string1=26
declare string string1=69
declares string string1=43
set string string1=26
sets string string1=68
create global string string2=97
creates global string string2=77
define global string string2=89
defines global string string2=48
declare global string string2=13
declares global string string2=70
set global string string2=85
sets global string string2=9
create local string string2=86
creates local string string2=13
define local string string2=11
defines local string string2=34
declare local string string2=95
declares local string string2=18
set local string string2=54
sets local string string2=39
create string string2=87
creates string string2=50
define string string2=27
defines string string2=99
declare string string2=17
declares string string2=100
set string string2=14
sets string string2=10
create global string i=62
creates global string i=6
define global string i=59
defines global string i=29
declare global string i=60
declares global string i=94
set global string i=96
sets global string i=87
create local string i=1
creates local string i=21
define local string i=4
defines local string i=1
declare local string i=100
declares local string i=57
set local string i=58
sets local string i=96
create string i=91
creates string i=44
define string i=50
defines string i=6
declare string i=11
declares string i=72
set string i=41
sets string i=79
create global string j=73
creates global string j=28
define global string j=51
defines global string j=83
declare global string j=73
declares global string j=87
set global string j=0
sets global string j=67
create local string j=59
creates local string j=86
define local string j=93
defines local string j=28
declare local string j=63
declares local string j=91
set local string j=87
sets local string j=53
create string j=98
creates string j=48
define string j=81
defines string j=17
declare string j=24
declares string j=46
set string j=13
sets string j=94
create global string k=19
creates global string k=10
define global string k=61
defines global string k=9
declare global string k=14
declares global string k=92
set global string k=53
sets global string k=63
create local string k=6
creates local string k=59
define local string k=96
defines local string k=39
declare local string k=38
declares local string k=100
set local string k=6
sets local string k=49
create string k=64
creates string k=36
define string k=100
defines string k=99
declare string k=65
declares string k=9
set string k=7
sets string k=20
create global string a=100
creates global string a=84
define global string a=18
defines global string a=51
declare global string a=77
declares global string a=77
set global string a=95
sets global string a=66
create local string a=17
creates local string a=1
define local string a=32
defines local string a=95
declare local string a=1
declares local string a=81
set local string a=59
sets local string a=14
create string a=70
creates string a=40
define string a=68
defines string a=44
declare string a=43
declares string a=3
set string a=17
sets string a=27
create global string b=84
creates global string b=96
define global string b=80
defines global string b=45
declare global string b=1
declares global string b=65
set global string b=5
sets global string b=96
create local string b=32
creates local string b=2
define local string b=56
defines local string b=89
declare local string b=0
declares local string b=41
set local string b=50
sets local string b=16
create string b=72
creates string b=67
define string b=18
defines string b=55
declare string b=29
declares string b=2
set string b=69
sets string b=68
create global string c=74
creates global string c=45
define global string c=12
defines global string c=34
declare global string c=29
declares global string c=39
set global string c=74
sets global string c=71
create local string c=25
creates local string c=49
define local string c=75
defines local string c=51
declare local string c=66
declares local string c=79
set local string c=26
sets local string c=16
create string c=38
creates string c=19
define string c=80
defines string c=60
declare string c=34
declares string c=93
set string c=100
sets string c=18
create global strings strings0=76
creates global strings strings0=89
define global strings strings0=52
defines global strings strings0=64
declare global strings strings0=76
declares global strings strings0=42
set global strings strings0=37
sets global strings strings0=63
create local strings strings0=43
creates local strings strings0=43
define local strings strings0=30
defines local strings strings0=87
declare local strings strings0=44
declares local strings strings0=99
set local strings strings0=41
sets local strings strings0=83
create strings strings0=22
creates strings strings0=61
define strings strings0=59
defines strings strings0=0
declare strings strings0=40
declares strings strings0=89
set strings strings0=43
sets strings strings0=64
create global strings strings1=63
creates global strings strings1=5
define global strings strings1=26
defines global strings strings1=98
declare global strings strings1=36
declares global strings strings1=71
set global strings strings1=46
sets global strings strings1=27
create local strings strings1=54
creates local strings strings1=2
define local strings strings1=36
defines local strings strings1=49
declare local strings strings1=57
declares local strings strings1=96
set local strings strings1=41
sets local strings strings1=24
create strings strings1=37
creates strings strings1=14
define strings strings1=59
defines strings strings1=27
declare strings strings1=68
declares strings strings1=66
set strings strings1=83
sets strings strings1=59
create global strings strings2=79
creates global strings strings2=38
define global strings strings2=78
defines global strings strings2=87
declare global strings strings2=11
declares global strings strings2=10
set global strings strings2=9
sets global strings strings2=5
create local strings strings2=0
creates local strings strings2=24
define local strings strings2=62
defines local strings strings2=72
declare local strings strings2=83
declares local strings strings2=9
set local strings strings2=14
sets local strings strings2=10
create strings strings2=65
creates strings strings2=40
define strings strings2=55
defines strings strings2=68
declare strings strings2=19
declares strings strings2=64
set strings strings2=87
sets strings strings2=51
create global strings i=41
creates global strings i=71
define global strings i=22
defines global strings i=1
declare global strings i=40
declares global strings i=89
set global strings i=18
sets global strings i=21
create local strings i=83
creates local strings i=69
define local strings i=52
defines local strings i=52
declare local strings i=50
declares local strings i=48
set local strings i=27
sets local strings i=42
create strings i=50
creates strings i=47
define strings i=27
defines strings i=98
declare strings i=91
declares strings i=8
set strings i=15
sets strings i=59
create global strings j=36
creates global strings j=36
define global strings j=61
defines global strings j=85
declare global strings j=95
declares global strings j=65
set global strings j=70
sets global strings j=84
create local strings j=13
creates local strings j=46
define local strings j=35
defines local strings j=10
declare local strings j=65
declares local strings j=75
set local strings j=58
sets local strings j=63
create strings j=46
creates strings j=18
define strings j=85
defines strings j=44
declare strings j=79
declares strings j=81
set strings j=60
sets strings j=72
create global strings k=14
creates global strings k=89
define global strings k=35
defines global strings k=84
declare global strings k=34
declares global strings k=34
set global strings k=1
sets global strings k=40
create local strings k=42
creates local strings k=73
define local strings k=29
defines local strings k=56
declare local strings k=8
declares local strings k=22
set local strings k=99
sets local strings k=46
create strings k=97
creates strings k=19
define strings k=33
defines strings k=30
declare strings k=76
declares strings k=26
set strings k=25
sets strings k=96
create global strings a=55
creates global strings a=23
define global strings a=81
defines global strings a=55
declare global strings a=20
declares global strings a=18
set global strings a=2
sets global strings a=28
create local strings a=60
creates local strings a=4
define local strings a=59
defines local strings a=43
declare local strings a=36
declares local strings a=55
set local strings a=20
sets local strings a=75
create strings a=15
creates strings a=62
define strings a=43
defines strings a=8
declare strings a=3
declares strings a=55
set strings a=24
sets strings a=83
create global strings b=9
creates global strings b=87
define global strings b=16
defines global strings b=10
declare global strings b=22
declares global strings b=8
set global strings b=94
sets global strings b=91
create local strings b=49
creates local strings b=61
define local strings b=48
defines local strings b=70
declare local strings b=96
declares local strings b=70
set local strings b=70
sets local strings b=77
create strings b=16
creates strings b=19
define strings b=64
defines strings b=6
declare strings b=1
declares strings b=83
set strings b=69
sets strings b=81
create global strings c=38
creates global strings c=5
define global strings c=15
defines global strings c=49
declare global strings c=23
declares global strings c=55
set global strings c=34
sets global strings c=95
create local strings c=31
creates local strings c=78
define local strings c=47
defines local strings c=33
declare local strings c=53
declares local strings c=41
set local strings c=98
sets local strings c=83
create strings c=42
creates strings c=98
define strings c=87
defines strings c=39
declare strings c=77
declares strings c=70
set strings c=78
sets strings c=9
create global str str0=0
creates global str str0=43
define global str str0=75
defines global str str0=98
declare global str str0=39
declares global str str0=44
set global str str0=48
sets global str str0=96
create local str str0=1
creates local str str0=21
define local str str0=86
defines local str str0=48
declare local str str0=61
declares local str str0=71
set local str str0=16
sets local str str0=86
create str str0=54
creates str str0=21
define str str0=18
defines str str0=40
declare str str0=59
declares str str0=29
set str str0=39
sets str str0=26
create global str str1=40
creates global str str1=98
define global str str1=44
defines global str str1=0
declare global str str1=40
declares global str str1=40
set global str str1=5
sets global str str1=44
create local str str1=16
creates local str str1=49
define local str str1=94
defines local str str1=54
declare local str str1=59
declares local str str1=77
set local str str1=52
sets local str str1=39
create str str1=56
creates str str1=33
define str str1=53
defines str str1=55
declare str str1=12
declares str str1=5
set str str1=70
sets str str1=31
create global str str2=59
creates global str str2=44
define global str str2=11
defines global str str2=25
declare global str str2=9
declares global str str2=59
set global str str2=40
sets global str str2=74
create local str str2=1
creates local str str2=68
define local str str2=26
defines local str str2=69
declare local str str2=93
declares local str str2=58
set local str str2=19
sets local str str2=32
create str str2=96
creates str str2=34
define str str2=39
defines str str2=80
declare str str2=48
declares str str2=56
set str str2=97
sets str str2=28
create global str i=14
creates global str i=56
define global str i=86
defines global str i=19
declare global str i=55
declares global str i=11
set global str i=51
sets global str i=42
create local str i=53
creates local str i=14
define local str i=67
defines local str i=97
declare local str i=11
declares local str i=21
set local str i=28
sets local str i=83
create str i=53
creates str i=56
define str i=7
defines str i=78
declare str i=35
declares str i=41
set str i=86
sets str i=27
create global str j=92
creates global str j=77
define global str j=34
defines global str j=89
declare global str j=81
declares global str j=39
set global str j=100
sets global str j=88
create local str j=26
creates local str j=43
define local str j=89
defines local str j=58
declare local str j=38
declares local str j=95
set local str j=87
sets local str j=58
create str j=5
creates str j=74
define str j=65
defines str j=74
declare str j=96
declares str j=62
set str j=79
sets str j=43
create global str k=43
creates global str k=44
define global str k=7
defines global str k=43
declare global str k=78
declares global str k=82
set global str k=80
sets global str k=11
create local str k=51
creates local str k=60
define local str k=58
defines local str k=51
declare local str k=27
declares local str k=10
set local str k=24
sets local str k=74
create str k=56
creates str k=94
define str k=13
defines str k=71
declare str k=25
declares str k=37
set str k=95
sets str k=46
create global str a=5
creates global str a=47
define global str a=4
defines global str a=4
declare global str a=69
declares global str a=29
set global str a=0
sets global str a=92
create local str a=97
creates local str a=22
define local str a=20
defines local str a=45
declare local str a=10
declares local str a=93
set local str a=11
sets local str a=17
create str a=65
creates str a=65
define str a=100
defines str a=97
declare str a=14
declares str a=57
set str a=48
sets str a=24
create global str b=74
creates global str b=82
define global str b=15
defines global str b=76
declare global str b=95
declares global str b=84
set global str b=69
sets global str b=18
create local str b=31
creates local str b=33
define local str b=70
defines local str b=6
declare local str b=30
declares local str b=25
set local str b=65
sets local str b=53
create str b=58
creates str b=65
define str b=10
defines str b=95
declare str b=25
declares str b=19
set str b=11
sets str b=39
create global str c=75
creates global str c=6
define global str c=26
defines global str c=58
declare global str c=59
declares global str c=90
set global str c=88
sets global str c=54
create local str c=52
creates local str c=77
define local str c=10
defines local str c=76
declare local str c=44
declares local str c=99
set local str c=81
sets local str c=53
create str c=92
creates str c=93
define str c=10
defines str c=90
declare str c=44
declares str c=51
set str c=0
sets str c=58
create global strs strs0=0
creates global strs strs0=91
define global strs strs0=7
defines global strs strs0=39
declare global strs strs0=65
declares global strs strs0=76
set global strs strs0=24
sets global strs strs0=6
create local strs strs0=26
creates local strs strs0=78
define local strs strs0=89
defines local strs strs0=36
declare local strs strs0=25
declares local strs strs0=3
set local strs strs0=30
sets local strs strs0=44
create strs strs0=53
creates strs strs0=61
define strs strs0=98
defines strs strs0=28
declare strs strs0=84
declares strs strs0=5
set strs strs0=9
sets strs strs0=63
create global strs strs1=56
creates global strs strs1=32
define global strs strs1=74
defines global strs strs1=50
declare global strs strs1=12
declares global strs strs1=91
set global strs strs1=77
sets global strs strs1=48
create local strs strs1=4
creates local strs strs1=0
define local strs strs1=74
defines local strs strs1=6
declare local strs strs1=28
declares local strs strs1=94
set local strs strs1=29
sets local strs strs1=33
create strs strs1=39
creates strs strs1=77
define strs strs1=91
defines strs strs1=100
declare strs strs1=0
declares strs strs1=20
set strs strs1=22
sets strs strs1=61
create global strs strs2=86
creates global strs strs2=0
define global strs strs2=1
defines global strs strs2=51
declare global strs strs2=56
declares global strs strs2=3
set global strs strs2=83
sets global strs strs2=35
create local strs strs2=21
creates local strs strs2=68
define local strs strs2=32
defines local strs strs2=98
declare local strs strs2=42
declares local strs strs2=71
set local strs strs2=85
sets local strs strs2=58
create strs strs2=93
creates strs strs2=91
define strs strs2=18
defines strs strs2=46
declare strs strs2=1
declares strs strs2=55
set strs strs2=70
sets strs strs2=87
create global strs i=13
creates global strs i=9
define global strs i=15
defines global strs i=70
declare global strs i=83
declares global strs i=53
set global strs i=13
sets global strs i=33
create local strs i=1
creates local strs i=2
define local strs i=28
defines local strs i=85
declare local strs i=29
declares local strs i=4
set local strs i=28
sets local strs i=85
create strs i=93
creates strs i=84
define strs i=19
defines strs i=37
declare strs i=92
declares strs i=38
set strs i=30
sets strs i=12
create global strs j=99
creates global strs j=26
define global strs j=40
defines global strs j=87
declare global strs j=91
declares global strs j=97
set global strs j=79
sets global strs j=8
create local strs j=69
creates local strs j=45
define local strs j=2
defines local strs j=66
declare local strs j=22
declares local strs j=69
set local strs j=97
sets local strs j=58
create strs j=70
creates strs j=25
define strs j=9
defines strs j=43
declare strs j=54
declares strs j=42
set strs j=33
sets strs j=66
create global strs k=39
creates global strs k=5
define global strs k=20
defines global strs k=15
declare global strs k=96
declares global strs k=34
set global strs k=97
sets global strs k=8
create local strs k=27
creates local strs k=35
define local strs k=66
defines local strs k=57
declare local strs k=30
declares local strs k=5
set local strs k=48
sets local strs k=26
create strs k=35
creates strs k=74
define strs k=64
defines strs k=70
declare strs k=40
declares strs k=23
set strs k=7
sets strs k=24
create global strs a=71
creates global strs a=42
define global strs a=14
defines global strs a=62
declare global strs a=92
declares global strs a=41
set global strs a=72
sets global strs a=86
create local strs a=53
creates local strs a=59
define local strs a=20
defines local strs a=83
declare local strs a=52
declares local strs a=5
set local strs a=90
sets local strs a=93
create strs a=49
creates strs a=70
define strs a=98
defines strs a=9
declare strs a=46
declares strs a=86
set strs a=64
sets strs a=86
create global strs b=15
creates global strs b=10
define global strs b=27
defines global strs b=5
declare global strs b=76
declares global strs b=24
set global strs b=71
sets global strs b=75
create local strs b=17
creates local strs b=50
define local strs b=87
defines local strs b=12
declare local strs b=18
declares local strs b=27
set local strs b=20
sets local strs b=8
create strs b=75
creates strs b=80
define strs b=1
defines strs b=84
declare strs b=41
declares strs b=67
set strs b=9
sets strs b=30
create global strs c=1
creates global strs c=48
define global strs c=20
defines global strs c=13
declare global strs c=94
declares global strs c=70
set global strs c=54
sets global strs c=45
create local strs c=65
creates local strs c=84
define local strs c=33
defines local strs c=49
declare local strs c=26
declares local strs c=27
set local strs c=53
sets local strs c=76
create strs c=10
creates strs c=29
define strs c=78
defines strs c=39
declare strs c=76
declares strs c=46
set strs c=98
sets strs c=66
create global text text0=48
creates global text text0=40
define global text text0=9
defines global text text0=61
declare global text text0=52
declares global text text0=50
set global text text0=11
sets global text text0=60
create local text text0=33
creates local text text0=68
define local text text0=73
defines local text text0=79
declare local text text0=46
declares local text text0=74
set local text text0=28
sets local text text0=1
create text text0=49
creates text text0=76
define text text0=52
defines text text0=10
declare text text0=1
declares text text0=54
set text text0=85
sets text text0=11
create global text text1=95
creates global text text1=63
define global text text1=89
defines global text text1=21
declare global text text1=2
declares global text text1=31
set global text text1=45
sets global text text1=87
create local text text1=71
creates local text text1=6
define local text text1=18
defines local text text1=13
declare local text text1=14
declares local text text1=42
set local text text1=23
sets local text text1=83
create text text1=98
creates text text1=42
define text text1=56
defines text text1=95
declare text text1=28
declares text text1=0
set text text1=40
sets text text1=11
create global text text2=8
creates global text text2=45
define global text text2=38
defines global text text2=86
declare global text text2=76
declares global text text2=96
set global text text2=65
sets global text text2=52
create local text text2=81
creates local text text2=33
define local text text2=36
defines local text text2=31
declare local text text2=94
declares local text text2=5
set local text text2=39
sets local text text2=19
create text text2=0
creates text text2=0
define text text2=28
defines text text2=63
declare text text2=51
declares text text2=54
set text text2=12
sets text text2=89
create global text i=40
creates global text i=25
define global text i=54
defines global text i=95
declare global text i=58
declares global text i=2
set global text i=5
sets global text i=67
create local text i=37
creates local text i=72
define local text i=6
defines local text i=73
declare local text i=33
declares local text i=84
set local text i=20
sets local text i=64
create text i=82
creates text i=100
define text i=83
defines text i=80
declare text i=82
declares text i=86
set text i=47
sets text i=25
create global text j=10
creates global text j=86
define global text j=82
defines global text j=2
declare global text j=81
declares global text j=45
set global text j=72
sets global text j=70
create local text j=11
creates local text j=38
define local text j=3
defines local text j=72
declare local text j=70
declares local text j=11
set local text j=52
sets local text j=69
create text j=7
creates text j=62
define text j=93
defines text j=26
declare text j=60
declares text j=98
set text j=56
sets text j=2
create global text k=32
creates global text k=26
define global text k=89
defines global text k=96
declare global text k=4
declares global text k=0
set global text k=60
sets global text k=74
create local text k=89
creates local text k=7
define local text k=30
defines local text k=2
declare local text k=42
declares local text k=21
set local text k=32
sets local text k=24
create text k=92
creates text k=42
define text k=93
defines text k=73
declare text k=10
declares text k=8
set text k=63
sets text k=10
create global text a=21
creates global text a=26
define global text a=63
defines global text a=8
declare global text a=45
declares global text a=98
set global text a=12
sets global text a=10
create local text a=78
creates local text a=72
define local text a=82
defines local text a=42
declare local text a=18
declares local text a=76
set local text a=73
sets local text a=34
create text a=42
creates text a=19
define text a=1
defines text a=60
declare text a=14
declares text a=32
set text a=36
sets text a=77
create global text b=8
creates global text b=41
define global text b=94
defines global text b=92
declare global text b=97
declares global text b=58
set global text b=11
sets global text b=45
create local text b=69
creates local text b=39
define local text b=44
defines local text b=49
declare local text b=33
declares local text b=97
set local text b=36
sets local text b=79
create text b=33
creates text b=57
define text b=88
defines text b=96
declare text b=66
declares text b=86
set text b=13
sets text b=36
create global text c=97
creates global text c=48
define global text c=75
defines global text c=33
declare global text c=38
declares global text c=44
set global text c=9
sets global text c=80
create local text c=53
creates local text c=100
define local text c=35
defines local text c=87
declare local text c=89
declares local text c=87
set local text c=8
sets local text c=58
create text c=27
creates text c=9
define text c=6
defines text c=85
declare text c=35
declares text c=69
set text c=83
sets text c=32
create global texts texts0=9
creates global texts texts0=23
define global texts texts0=79
defines global texts texts0=18
declare global texts texts0=71
declares global texts texts0=98
set global texts texts0=52
sets global texts texts0=32
create local texts texts0=35
creates local texts texts0=30
define local texts texts0=3
defines local texts texts0=95
declare local texts texts0=32
declares local texts texts0=40
set local texts texts0=37
sets local texts texts0=62
create texts texts0=67
creates texts texts0=38
define texts texts0=63
defines texts texts0=0
declare texts texts0=27
declares texts texts0=14
set texts texts0=43
sets texts texts0=69
create global texts texts1=95
creates global texts texts1=95
define global texts texts1=72
defines global texts texts1=12
declare global texts texts1=77
declares global texts texts1=11
set global texts texts1=1
sets global texts texts1=99
create local texts texts1=70
creates local texts texts1=71
define local texts texts1=37
defines local texts texts1=66
declare local texts texts1=36
declares local texts texts1=76
set local texts texts1=25
sets local texts texts1=85
create texts texts1=76
creates texts texts1=25
define texts texts1=51
defines texts texts1=62
declare texts texts1=61
declares texts texts1=69
set texts texts1=61
sets texts texts1=29
create global texts texts2=32
creates global texts texts2=5
define global texts texts2=17
defines global texts texts2=86
declare global texts texts2=92
declares global texts texts2=4
set global texts texts2=56
sets global texts texts2=83
create local texts texts2=11
creates local texts texts2=82
define local texts texts2=65
defines local texts texts2=29
declare local texts texts2=27
declares local texts texts2=12
set local texts texts2=79
sets local texts texts2=29
create texts texts2=38
creates texts texts2=68
define texts texts2=51
defines texts texts2=83
declare texts texts2=75
declares texts texts2=15
set texts texts2=89
sets texts texts2=18
create global texts i=2
creates global texts i=50
define global texts i=78
defines global texts i=89
declare global texts i=54
declares global texts i=73
set global texts i=86
sets global texts i=48
create local texts i=43
creates local texts i=77
define local texts i=26
defines local texts i=26
declare local texts i=13
declares local texts i=36
set local texts i=85
sets local texts i=74
create texts i=68
creates texts i=32
define texts i=34
defines texts i=32
declare texts i=61
declares texts i=89
set texts i=62
sets texts i=0
create global texts j=3
creates global texts j=22
define global texts j=59
defines global texts j=56
declare global texts j=87
declares global texts j=97
set global texts j=38
sets global texts j=79
create local texts j=48
creates local texts j=66
define local texts j=86
defines local texts j=8
declare local texts j=45
declares local texts j=64
set local texts j=95
sets local texts j=18
create texts j=97
creates texts j=70
define texts j=59
defines texts j=35
declare texts j=2
declares texts j=68
set texts j=73
sets texts j=27
create global texts k=79
creates global texts k=27
define global texts k=35
defines global texts k=28
declare global texts k=53
declares global texts k=7
set global texts k=35
sets global texts k=79
create local texts k=98
creates local texts k=79
define local texts k=55
defines local texts k=40
declare local texts k=91
declares local texts k=26
set local texts k=99
sets local texts k=25
create texts k=50
creates texts k=6
define texts k=50
defines texts k=40
declare texts k=44
declares texts k=26
set texts k=20
sets texts k=30
create global texts a=70
creates global texts a=17
define global texts a=23
defines global texts a=37
declare global texts a=14
declares global texts a=45
set global texts a=79
sets global texts a=27
create local texts a=5
creates local texts a=41
define local texts a=42
defines local texts a=13
declare local texts a=69
declares local texts a=80
set local texts a=1
sets local texts a=16
create texts a=29
creates texts a=48
define texts a=69
defines texts a=99
declare texts a=74
declares texts a=71
set texts a=84
sets texts a=0
create global texts b=29
creates global texts b=6
define global texts b=69
defines global texts b=15
declare global texts b=98
declares global texts b=93
set global texts b=48
sets global texts b=69
create local texts b=53
creates local texts b=18
define local texts b=12
defines local texts b=88
declare local texts b=53
declares local texts b=10
set local texts b=6
sets local texts b=43
create texts b=45
creates texts b=76
define texts b=64
defines texts b=45
declare texts b=53
declares texts b=35
set texts b=13
sets texts b=7
create global texts c=89
creates global texts c=1
define global texts c=51
defines global texts c=6
declare global texts c=56
declares global texts c=67
set global texts c=41
sets global texts c=44
create local texts c=91
creates local texts c=21
define local texts c=58
defines local texts c=45
declare local texts c=3
declares local texts c=29
set local texts c=2
sets local texts c=59
create texts c=96
creates texts c=1
define texts c=17
defines texts c=56
declare texts c=80
declares texts c=58
set texts c=62
sets texts c=0
create global txt txt0=54
creates global txt txt0=50
define global txt txt0=96
defines global txt txt0=35
declare global txt txt0=42
declares global txt txt0=88
set global txt txt0=52
sets global txt txt0=32
create local txt txt0=97
creates local txt txt0=56
define local txt txt0=63
defines local txt txt0=34
declare local txt txt0=61
declares local txt txt0=29
set local txt txt0=95
sets local txt txt0=24
create txt txt0=23
creates txt txt0=39
define txt txt0=18
defines txt txt0=22
declare txt txt0=59
declares txt txt0=56
set txt txt0=46
sets txt txt0=8
create global txt txt1=84
creates global txt txt1=57
define global txt txt1=63
defines global txt txt1=97
declare global txt txt1=68
declares global txt txt1=58
set global txt txt1=79
sets global txt txt1=29
create local txt txt1=81
creates local txt txt1=74
define local txt txt1=38
defines local txt txt1=7
declare local txt txt1=80
declares local txt txt1=56
set local txt txt1=29
sets local txt txt1=14
create txt txt1=13
creates txt txt1=96
define txt txt1=15
defines txt txt1=13
declare txt txt1=22
declares txt txt1=68
set txt txt1=79
sets txt txt1=46
create global txt txt2=16
creates global txt txt2=11
define global txt txt2=98
defines global txt txt2=6
declare global txt txt2=67
declares global txt txt2=3
set global txt txt2=3
sets global txt txt2=74
create local txt txt2=36
creates local txt txt2=41
define local txt txt2=2
defines local txt txt2=71
declare local txt txt2=43
declares local txt txt2=18
set local txt txt2=95
sets local txt txt2=46
create txt txt2=31
creates txt txt2=76
define txt txt2=91
defines txt txt2=61
declare txt txt2=98
declares txt txt2=75
set txt txt2=64
sets txt txt2=94
create global txt i=91
creates global txt i=16
define global txt i=37
defines global txt i=48
declare global txt i=80
declares global txt i=13
set global txt i=8
sets global txt i=36
create local txt i=64
creates local txt i=23
define local txt i=46
defines local txt i=37
declare local txt i=50
declares local txt i=42
set local txt i=57
sets local txt i=66
create txt i=4
creates txt i=44
define txt i=35
defines txt i=53
declare txt i=44
declares txt i=29
set txt i=61
sets txt i=1
create global txt j=35
creates global txt j=62
define global txt j=96
defines global txt j=18
declare global txt j=27
declares global txt j=39
set global txt j=22
sets global txt j=54
create local txt j=23
creates local txt j=34
define local txt j=40
defines local txt j=91
declare local txt j=15
declares local txt j=66
set local txt j=20
sets local txt j=18
create txt j=67
creates txt j=37
define txt j=15
defines txt j=79
declare txt j=59
declares txt j=79
set txt j=64
sets txt j=10
create global txt k=57
creates global txt k=69
define global txt k=46
defines global txt k=52
declare global txt k=15
declares global txt k=32
set global txt k=52
sets global txt k=33
create local txt k=92
creates local txt k=50
define local txt k=38
defines local txt k=68
declare local txt k=86
declares local txt k=99
set local txt k=52
sets local txt k=72
create txt k=10
creates txt k=25
define txt k=47
defines txt k=74
declare txt k=72
declares txt k=11
set txt k=29
sets txt k=95
create global txt a=4
creates global txt a=4
define global txt a=49
defines global txt a=80
declare global txt a=64
declares global txt a=97
set global txt a=85
sets global txt a=73
create local txt a=38
creates local txt a=29
define local txt a=66
defines local txt a=65
declare local txt a=100
declares local txt a=63
set local txt a=74
sets local txt a=54
create txt a=76
creates txt a=84
define txt a=66
defines txt a=84
declare txt a=76
declares txt a=44
set txt a=100
sets txt a=55
create global txt b=88
creates global txt b=94
define global txt b=84
defines global txt b=39
declare global txt b=82
declares global txt b=15
set global txt b=96
sets global txt b=97
create local txt b=3
creates local txt b=75
define local txt b=25
defines local txt b=25
declare local txt b=36
declares local txt b=20
set local txt b=59
sets local txt b=58
create txt b=2
creates txt b=42
define txt b=48
defines txt b=84
declare txt b=79
declares txt b=30
set txt b=96
sets txt b=48
create global txt c=48
creates global txt c=47
define global txt c=57
defines global txt c=71
declare global txt c=97
declares global txt c=86
set global txt c=78
sets global txt c=74
create local txt c=92
creates local txt c=66
define local txt c=86
defines local txt c=18
declare local txt c=56
declares local txt c=77
set local txt c=5
sets local txt c=57
create txt c=52
creates txt c=26
define txt c=33
defines txt c=4
declare txt c=55
declares txt c=70
set txt c=58
sets txt c=36
create global txts txts0=12
creates global txts txts0=58
define global txts txts0=14
defines global txts txts0=28
declare global txts txts0=18
declares global txts txts0=22
set global txts txts0=80
sets global txts txts0=28
create local txts txts0=40
creates local txts txts0=12
define local txts txts0=13
defines local txts txts0=0
declare local txts txts0=60
declares local txts txts0=12
set local txts txts0=97
sets local txts txts0=28
create txts txts0=72
creates txts txts0=60
define txts txts0=70
defines txts txts0=18
declare txts txts0=62
declares txts txts0=47
set txts txts0=78
sets txts txts0=15
create global txts txts1=98
creates global txts txts1=17
define global txts txts1=73
defines global txts txts1=48
declare global txts txts1=62
declares global txts txts1=18
set global txts txts1=4
sets global txts txts1=6
create local txts txts1=43
creates local txts txts1=85
define local txts txts1=52
defines local txts txts1=80
declare local txts txts1=17
declares local txts txts1=79
set local txts txts1=45
sets local txts txts1=99
create txts txts1=9
creates txts txts1=92
define txts txts1=10
defines txts txts1=11
declare txts txts1=15
declares txts txts1=6
set txts txts1=59
sets txts txts1=85
create global txts txts2=32
creates global txts txts2=92
define global txts txts2=73
defines global txts txts2=23
declare global txts txts2=87
declares global txts txts2=32
set global txts txts2=55
sets global txts txts2=52
create local txts txts2=99
creates local txts txts2=98
define local txts txts2=27
defines local txts txts2=78
declare local txts txts2=52
declares local txts txts2=39
set local txts txts2=49
sets local txts txts2=68
create txts txts2=56
creates txts txts2=70
define txts txts2=41
defines txts txts2=59
declare txts txts2=5
declares txts txts2=42
set txts txts2=16
sets txts txts2=17
create global txts i=24
creates global txts i=81
define global txts i=84
defines global txts i=29
declare global txts i=51
declares global txts i=70
set global txts i=83
sets global txts i=90
create local txts i=10
creates local txts i=3
define local txts i=72
defines local txts i=9
declare local txts i=65
declares local txts i=18
set local txts i=48
sets local txts i=50
create txts i=61
creates txts i=29
define txts i=23
defines txts i=7
declare txts i=63
declares txts i=72
set txts i=55
sets txts i=43
create global txts j=97
creates global txts j=34
define global txts j=74
defines global txts j=79
declare global txts j=65
declares global txts j=99
set global txts j=17
sets global txts j=88
create local txts j=8
creates local txts j=21
define local txts j=58
defines local txts j=41
declare local txts j=86
declares local txts j=61
set local txts j=58
sets local txts j=83
create txts j=20
creates txts j=47
define txts j=99
defines txts j=92
declare txts j=48
declares txts j=7
set txts j=22
sets txts j=39
create global txts k=21
creates global txts k=99
define global txts k=26
defines global txts k=87
declare global txts k=74
declares global txts k=40
set global txts k=34
sets global txts k=78
create local txts k=71
creates local txts k=78
define local txts k=46
defines local txts k=79
declare local txts k=98
declares local txts k=78
set local txts k=97
sets local txts k=93
create txts k=89
creates txts k=88
define txts k=12
defines txts k=85
declare txts k=35
declares txts k=62
set txts k=94
sets txts k=18
create global txts a=11
creates global txts a=18
define global txts a=73
defines global txts a=88
declare global txts a=72
declares global txts a=33
set global txts a=4
sets global txts a=5
create local txts a=1
creates local txts a=90
define local txts a=10
defines local txts a=9
declare local txts a=79
declares local txts a=44
set local txts a=20
sets local txts a=11
create txts a=57
creates txts a=21
define txts a=1
defines txts a=75
declare txts a=19
declares txts a=89
set txts a=56
sets txts a=27
create global txts b=44
creates global txts b=26
define global txts b=42
defines global txts b=21
declare global txts b=41
declares global txts b=41
set global txts b=60
sets global txts b=22
create local txts b=91
creates local txts b=2
define local txts b=29
defines local txts b=51
declare local txts b=8
declares local txts b=47
set local txts b=53
sets local txts b=3
create txts b=5
creates txts b=99
define txts b=42
defines txts b=19
declare txts b=58
declares txts b=65
set txts b=45
sets txts b=44
create global txts c=18
creates global txts c=50
define global txts c=27
defines global txts c=8
declare global txts c=100
declares global txts c=64
set global txts c=84
sets global txts c=1
create local txts c=11
creates local txts c=7
define local txts c=32
defines local txts c=12
declare local txts c=10
declares local txts c=91
set local txts c=93
sets local txts c=21
create txts c=47
creates txts c=47
define txts c=9
defines txts c=6
declare txts c=21
declares txts c=45
set txts c=85
sets txts c=53
create global array array0=10
creates global array array0=97
define global array array0=28
defines global array array0=2
declare global array array0=60
declares global array array0=95
set global array array0=89
sets global array array0=60
create local array array0=31
creates local array array0=33
define local array array0=49
defines local array array0=23
declare local array array0=80
declares local array array0=50
set local array array0=4
sets local array array0=75
create array array0=99
creates array array0=88
define array array0=71
defines array array0=86
declare array array0=4
declares array array0=78
set array array0=34
sets array array0=70
create global array array1=43
creates global array array1=25
define global array array1=83
defines global array array1=26
declare global array array1=45
declares global array array1=69
set global array array1=14
sets global array array1=48
create local array array1=3
creates local array array1=65
define local array array1=15
defines local array array1=2
declare local array array1=38
declares local array array1=64
set local array array1=26
sets local array array1=71
create array array1=34
creates array array1=66
define array array1=39
defines array array1=76
declare array array1=11
declares array array1=12
set array array1=70
sets array array1=37
create global array array2=24
creates global array array2=70
define global array array2=21
defines global array array2=30
declare global array array2=98
declares global array array2=64
set global array array2=37
sets global array array2=14
create local array array2=26
creates local array array2=75
define local array array2=29
defines local array array2=35
declare local array array2=72
declares local array array2=89
set local array array2=29
sets local array array2=66
create array array2=0
creates array array2=7
define array array2=31
defines array array2=95
declare array array2=75
declares array array2=100
set array array2=60
sets array array2=76
create global array i=48
creates global array i=80
define global array i=59
defines global array i=63
declare global array i=29
declares global array i=30
set global array i=71
sets global array i=91
create local array i=95
creates local array i=88
define local array i=1
defines local array i=26
declare local array i=42
declares local array i=30
set local array i=41
sets local array i=29
create array i=48
creates array i=90
define array i=63
defines array i=49
declare array i=1
declares array i=70
set array i=23
sets array i=20
create global array j=49
creates global array j=68
define global array j=82
defines global array j=100
declare global array j=73
declares global array j=33
set global array j=76
sets global array j=54
create local array j=15
creates local array j=36
define local array j=14
defines local array j=7
declare local array j=53
declares local array j=89
set local array j=38
sets local array j=5
create array j=3
creates array j=78
define array j=35
defines array j=60
declare array j=83
declares array j=33
set array j=18
sets array j=80
create global array k=30
creates global array k=37
define global array k=72
defines global array k=22
declare global array k=23
declares global array k=24
set global array k=37
sets global array k=71
create local array k=53
creates local array k=84
define local array k=64
defines local array k=95
declare local array k=44
declares local array k=39
set local array k=68
sets local array k=17
create array k=60
creates array k=3
define array k=22
defines array k=90
declare array k=76
declares array k=56
set array k=40
sets array k=63
create global array a=38
creates global array a=61
define global array a=52
defines global array a=9
declare global array a=7
declares global array a=80
set global array a=28
sets global array a=16
create local array a=24
creates local array a=30
define local array a=33
defines local array a=79
declare local array a=30
declares local array a=37
set local array a=85
sets local array a=12
create array a=43
creates array a=64
define array a=16
defines array a=38
declare array a=66
declares array a=20
set array a=79
sets array a=99
create global array b=69
creates global array b=77
define global array b=48
defines global array b=28
declare global array b=24
declares global array b=57
set global array b=85
sets global array b=92
create local array b=45
creates local array b=34
define local array b=45
defines local array b=50
declare local array b=6
declares local array b=83
set local array b=96
sets local array b=31
create array b=15
creates array b=30
define array b=54
defines array b=75
declare array b=80
declares array b=85
set array b=65
sets array b=61
create global array c=65
creates global array c=79
define global array c=45
defines global array c=26
declare global array c=7
declares global array c=86
set global array c=65
sets global array c=52
create local array c=78
creates local array c=25
define local array c=47
defines local array c=99
declare local array c=59
declares local array c=73
set local array c=3
sets local array c=1
create array c=40
creates array c=8
define array c=64
defines array c=39
declare array c=76
declares array c=98
set array c=90
sets array c=74
create global arrays arrays0=3
creates global arrays arrays0=59
define global arrays arrays0=75
defines global arrays arrays0=6
declare global arrays arrays0=28
declares global arrays arrays0=46
set global arrays arrays0=46
sets global arrays arrays0=20
create local arrays arrays0=77
creates local arrays arrays0=31
define local arrays arrays0=43
defines local arrays arrays0=29
declare local arrays arrays0=5
declares local arrays arrays0=72
set local arrays arrays0=57
sets local arrays arrays0=54
create arrays arrays0=29
creates arrays arrays0=51
define arrays arrays0=37
defines arrays arrays0=5
declare arrays arrays0=7
declares arrays arrays0=17
set arrays arrays0=26
sets arrays arrays0=2
create global arrays arrays1=28
creates global arrays arrays1=61
define global arrays arrays1=37
defines global arrays arrays1=100
declare global arrays arrays1=33
declares global arrays arrays1=70
set global arrays arrays1=18
sets global arrays arrays1=26
create local arrays arrays1=36
creates local arrays arrays1=60
define local arrays arrays1=40
defines local arrays arrays1=87
declare local arrays arrays1=78
declares local arrays arrays1=19
set local arrays arrays1=80
sets local arrays arrays1=30
create arrays arrays1=20
creates arrays arrays1=17
define arrays arrays1=37
defines arrays arrays1=20
declare arrays arrays1=1
declares arrays arrays1=8
set arrays arrays1=68
sets arrays arrays1=82
create global arrays arrays2=30
creates global arrays arrays2=68
define global arrays arrays2=92
defines global arrays arrays2=45
declare global arrays arrays2=86
declares global arrays arrays2=15
set global arrays arrays2=75
sets global arrays arrays2=64
create local arrays arrays2=1
creates local arrays arrays2=29
define local arrays arrays2=94
defines local arrays arrays2=44
declare local arrays arrays2=45
declares local arrays arrays2=84
set local arrays arrays2=79
sets local arrays arrays2=7
create arrays arrays2=12
creates arrays arrays2=49
define arrays arrays2=50
defines arrays arrays2=22
declare arrays arrays2=98
declares arrays arrays2=98
set arrays arrays2=4
sets arrays arrays2=25
create global arrays i=15
creates global arrays i=92
define global arrays i=97
defines global arrays i=61
declare global arrays i=65
declares global arrays i=74
set global arrays i=72
sets global arrays i=77
create local arrays i=22
creates local arrays i=7
define local arrays i=58
defines local arrays i=1
declare local arrays i=82
declares local arrays i=9
set local arrays i=89
sets local arrays i=0
create arrays i=57
creates arrays i=60
define arrays i=86
defines arrays i=11
declare arrays i=32
declares arrays i=60
set arrays i=82
sets arrays i=45
create global arrays j=3
creates global arrays j=42
define global arrays j=16
defines global arrays j=52
declare global arrays j=73
declares global arrays j=35
set global arrays j=30
sets global arrays j=64
create local arrays j=39
creates local arrays j=45
define local arrays j=76
defines local arrays j=49
declare local arrays j=5
declares local arrays j=80
set local arrays j=18
sets local arrays j=99
create arrays j=66
creates arrays j=11
define arrays j=84
defines arrays j=31
declare arrays j=70
declares arrays j=48
set arrays j=53
sets arrays j=66
create global arrays k=98
creates global arrays k=59
define global arrays k=90
defines global arrays k=25
declare global arrays k=18
declares global arrays k=84
set global arrays k=81
sets global arrays k=40
create local arrays k=28
creates local arrays k=68
define local arrays k=87
defines local arrays k=26
declare local arrays k=72
declares local arrays k=20
set local arrays k=70
sets local arrays k=41
create arrays k=18
creates arrays k=83
define arrays k=85
defines arrays k=84
declare arrays k=50
declares arrays k=6
set arrays k=2
sets arrays k=76
create global arrays a=47
creates global arrays a=36
define global arrays a=82
defines global arrays a=89
declare global arrays a=98
declares global arrays a=20
set global arrays a=32
sets global arrays a=72
create local arrays a=84
creates local arrays a=57
define local arrays a=5
defines local arrays a=69
declare local arrays a=49
declares local arrays a=21
set local arrays a=86
sets local arrays a=36
create arrays a=57
creates arrays a=30
define arrays a=24
defines arrays a=30
declare arrays a=100
declares arrays a=39
set arrays a=24
sets arrays a=10
create global arrays b=98
creates global arrays b=43
define global arrays b=70
defines global arrays b=8
declare global arrays b=42
declares global arrays b=25
set global arrays b=0
sets global arrays b=85
create local arrays b=74
creates local arrays b=20
define local arrays b=89
defines local arrays b=13
declare local arrays b=86
declares local arrays b=25
set local arrays b=87
sets local arrays b=20
create arrays b=9
creates arrays b=40
define arrays b=19
defines arrays b=5
declare arrays b=3
declares arrays b=81
set arrays b=88
sets arrays b=37
create global arrays c=72
creates global arrays c=6
define global arrays c=5
defines global arrays c=74
declare global arrays c=97
declares global arrays c=57
set global arrays c=5
sets global arrays c=3
create local arrays c=48
creates local arrays c=99
define local arrays c=49
defines local arrays c=85
declare local arrays c=68
declares local arrays c=28
set local arrays c=91
sets local arrays c=69
create arrays c=52
creates arrays c=47
define arrays c=65
defines arrays c=18
declare arrays c=88
declares arrays c=26
set arrays c=4
sets arrays c=10
create global list list0=83
creates global list list0=20
define global list list0=20
defines global list list0=19
declare global list list0=69
declares global list list0=4
set global list list0=70
sets global list list0=92
create local list list0=8
creates local list list0=83
define local list list0=18
defines local list list0=44
declare local list list0=7
declares local list list0=38
set local list list0=93
sets local list list0=68
create list list0=23
creates list list0=51
define list list0=18
defines list list0=81
declare list list0=35
declares list list0=83
set list list0=76
sets list list0=4
create global list list1=0
creates global list list1=88
define global list list1=98
defines global list list1=22
declare global list list1=38
declares global list list1=72
set global list list1=39
sets global list list1=68
create local list list1=11
creates local list list1=95
define local list list1=29
defines local list list1=88
declare local list list1=69
declares local list list1=24
set local list list1=81
sets local list list1=15
create list list1=89
creates list list1=34
define list list1=14
defines list list1=88
declare list list1=32
declares list list1=10
set list list1=89
sets list list1=38
create global list list2=19
creates global list list2=3
define global list list2=88
defines global list list2=64
declare global list list2=14
declares global list list2=9
set global list list2=63
sets global list list2=98
create local list list2=15
creates local list list2=100
define local list list2=31
defines local list list2=35
declare local list list2=39
declares local list list2=19
set local list list2=59
sets local list list2=89
create list list2=2
creates list list2=92
define list list2=96
defines list list2=53
declare list list2=40
declares list list2=15
set list list2=99
sets list list2=53
create global list i=21
creates global list i=32
define global list i=88
defines global list i=53
declare global list i=54
declares global list i=0
set global list i=99
sets global list i=1
create local list i=67
creates local list i=0
define local list i=28
defines local list i=20
declare local list i=2
declares local list i=32
set local list i=90
sets local list i=82
create list i=4
creates list i=6
define list i=67
defines list i=44
declare list i=87
declares list i=48
set list i=70
sets list i=49
create global list j=22
creates global list j=80
define global list j=33
defines global list j=10
declare global list j=92
declares global list j=16
set global list j=70
sets global list j=97
create local list j=83
creates local list j=77
define local list j=31
defines local list j=10
declare local list j=64
declares local list j=40
set local list j=83
sets local list j=89
create list j=54
creates list j=25
define list j=80
defines list j=65
declare list j=66
declares list j=88
set list j=66
sets list j=75
create global list k=98
creates global list k=0
define global list k=75
defines global list k=72
declare global list k=89
declares global list k=25
set global list k=72
sets global list k=99
create local list k=62
creates local list k=69
define local list k=7
defines local list k=30
declare local list k=29
declares local list k=32
set local list k=86
sets local list k=31
create list k=55
creates list k=99
define list k=73
defines list k=11
declare list k=17
declares list k=63
set list k=68
sets list k=19
create global list a=52
creates global list a=100
define global list a=73
defines global list a=26
declare global list a=79
declares global list a=38
set global list a=17
sets global list a=65
create local list a=100
creates local list a=16
define local list a=35
defines local list a=33
declare local list a=27
declares local list a=49
set local list a=56
sets local list a=35
create list a=71
creates list a=97
define list a=29
defines list a=54
declare list a=11
declares list a=28
set list a=94
sets list a=94
create global list b=100
creates global list b=48
define global list b=50
defines global list b=97
declare global list b=7
declares global list b=11
set global list b=54
sets global list b=63
create local list b=53
creates local list b=91
define local list b=93
defines local list b=31
declare local list b=32
declares local list b=9
set local list b=97
sets local list b=9
create list b=14
creates list b=8
define list b=35
defines list b=89
declare list b=17
declares list b=39
set list b=82
sets list b=30
create global list c=33
creates global list c=11
define global list c=9
defines global list c=20
declare global list c=0
declares global list c=21
set global list c=95
sets global list c=31
create local list c=19
creates local list c=26
define local list c=56
defines local list c=75
declare local list c=45
declares local list c=32
set local list c=47
sets local list c=62
create list c=42
creates list c=80
define list c=88
defines list c=33
declare list c=65
declares list c=23
set list c=94
sets list c=55
create global lists lists0=97
creates global lists lists0=18
define global lists lists0=88
defines global lists lists0=86
declare global lists lists0=34
declares global lists lists0=58
set global lists lists0=62
sets global lists lists0=81
create local lists lists0=5
creates local lists lists0=45
define local lists lists0=21
defines local lists lists0=69
declare local lists lists0=22
declares local lists lists0=20
set local lists lists0=48
sets local lists lists0=73
create lists lists0=8
creates lists lists0=15
define lists lists0=6
defines lists lists0=87
declare lists lists0=57
declares lists lists0=33
set lists lists0=3
sets lists lists0=56
create global lists lists1=99
creates global lists lists1=59
define global lists lists1=79
defines global lists lists1=76
declare global lists lists1=86
declares global lists lists1=8
set global lists lists1=46
sets global lists lists1=41
create local lists lists1=27
creates local lists lists1=88
define local lists lists1=49
defines local lists lists1=71
declare local lists lists1=69
declares local lists lists1=8
set local lists lists1=2
sets local lists lists1=87
create lists lists1=61
creates lists lists1=96
define lists lists1=56
defines lists lists1=18
declare lists lists1=3
declares lists lists1=93
set lists lists1=66
sets lists lists1=7
create global lists lists2=79
creates global lists lists2=100
define global lists lists2=63
defines global lists lists2=98
declare global lists lists2=13
declares global lists lists2=40
set global lists lists2=85
sets global lists lists2=28
create local lists lists2=97
creates local lists lists2=28
define local lists lists2=20
defines local lists lists2=20
declare local lists lists2=97
declares local lists lists2=59
set local lists lists2=1
sets local lists lists2=62
create lists lists2=54
creates lists lists2=10
define lists lists2=86
defines lists lists2=3
declare lists lists2=6
declares lists lists2=5
set lists lists2=18
sets lists lists2=46
create global lists i=37
creates global lists i=67
define global lists i=44
defines global lists i=97
declare global lists i=14
declares global lists i=38
set global lists i=6
sets global lists i=19
create local lists i=68
creates local lists i=80
define local lists i=18
defines local lists i=28
declare local lists i=18
declares local lists i=68
set local lists i=75
sets local lists i=75
create lists i=100
creates lists i=82
define lists i=24
defines lists i=20
declare lists i=74
declares lists i=16
set lists i=34
sets lists i=22
create global lists j=94
creates global lists j=33
define global lists j=68
defines global lists j=37
declare global lists j=12
declares global lists j=26
set global lists j=14
sets global lists j=12
create local lists j=38
creates local lists j=38
define local lists j=74
defines local lists j=41
declare local lists j=78
declares local lists j=63
set local lists j=34
sets local lists j=78
create lists j=5
creates lists j=85
define lists j=12
defines lists j=42
declare lists j=11
declares lists j=20
set lists j=28
sets lists j=26
create global lists k=89
creates global lists k=57
define global lists k=28
defines global lists k=70
declare global lists k=9
declares global lists k=18
set global lists k=51
sets global lists k=7
create local lists k=5
creates local lists k=16
define local lists k=82
defines local lists k=25
declare local lists k=32
declares local lists k=32
set local lists k=15
sets local lists k=30
create lists k=55
creates lists k=60
define lists k=63
defines lists k=23
declare lists k=19
declares lists k=2
set lists k=4
sets lists k=22
create global lists a=68
creates global lists a=67
define global lists a=58
defines global lists a=30
declare global lists a=87
declares global lists a=42
set global lists a=1
sets global lists a=71
create local lists a=18
creates local lists a=7
define local lists a=72
defines local lists a=63
declare local lists a=3
declares local lists a=90
set local lists a=73
sets local lists a=84
create lists a=63
creates lists a=97
define lists a=60
defines lists a=79
declare lists a=21
declares lists a=100
set lists a=25
sets lists a=92
create global lists b=22
creates global lists b=33
define global lists b=2
defines global lists b=59
declare global lists b=37
declares global lists b=80
set global lists b=12
sets global lists b=5
create local lists b=54
creates local lists b=80
define local lists b=22
defines local lists b=99
declare local lists b=36
declares local lists b=89
set local lists b=70
sets local lists b=20
create lists b=44
creates lists b=51
define lists b=1
defines lists b=46
declare lists b=39
declares lists b=100
set lists b=16
sets lists b=78
create global lists c=65
creates global lists c=44
define global lists c=56
defines global lists c=54
declare global lists c=93
declares global lists c=67
set global lists c=60
sets global lists c=78
create local lists c=98
creates local lists c=85
define local lists c=8
defines local lists c=98
declare local lists c=46
declares local lists c=16
set local lists c=23
sets local lists c=37
create lists c=84
creates lists c=68
define lists c=16
defines lists c=77
declare lists c=24
declares lists c=15
set lists c=57
sets lists c=72
create global vector vector0=46
creates global vector vector0=2
define global vector vector0=77
defines global vector vector0=91
declare global vector vector0=3
declares global vector vector0=40
set global vector vector0=97
sets global vector vector0=79
create local vector vector0=62
creates local vector vector0=91
define local vector vector0=17
defines local vector vector0=16
declare local vector vector0=2
declares local vector vector0=82
set local vector vector0=0
sets local vector vector0=5
create vector vector0=60
creates vector vector0=29
define vector vector0=9
defines vector vector0=24
declare vector vector0=30
declares vector vector0=49
set vector vector0=7
sets vector vector0=15
create global vector vector1=24
creates global vector vector1=81
define global vector vector1=44
defines global vector vector1=65
declare global vector vector1=7
declares global vector vector1=37
set global vector vector1=20
sets global vector vector1=2
create local vector vector1=22
creates local vector vector1=10
define local vector vector1=8
defines local vector vector1=36
declare local vector vector1=7
declares local vector vector1=63
set local vector vector1=24
sets local vector vector1=81
create vector vector1=52
creates vector vector1=9
define vector vector1=82
defines vector vector1=84
declare vector vector1=41
declares vector vector1=37
set vector vector1=32
sets vector vector1=77
create global vector vector2=33
creates global vector vector2=98
define global vector vector2=8
defines global vector vector2=73
declare global vector vector2=100
declares global vector vector2=13
set global vector vector2=59
sets global vector vector2=88
create local vector vector2=47
creates local vector vector2=19
define local vector vector2=31
defines local vector vector2=69
declare local vector vector2=83
declares local vector vector2=15
set local vector vector2=91
sets local vector vector2=83
create vector vector2=81
creates vector vector2=61
define vector vector2=95
defines vector vector2=99
declare vector vector2=44
declares vector vector2=84
set vector vector2=97
sets vector vector2=17
create global vector i=93
creates global vector i=44
define global vector i=97
defines global vector i=63
declare global vector i=68
declares global vector i=9
set global vector i=72
sets global vector i=88
create local vector i=41
creates local vector i=31
define local vector i=72
defines local vector i=78
declare local vector i=35
declares local vector i=53
set local vector i=23
sets local vector i=97
create vector i=15
creates vector i=79
define vector i=86
defines vector i=21
declare vector i=66
declares vector i=85
set vector i=39
sets vector i=33
create global vector j=4
creates global vector j=61
define global vector j=65
defines global vector j=22
declare global vector j=4
declares global vector j=22
set global vector j=82
sets global vector j=53
create local vector j=62
creates local vector j=41
define local vector j=78
defines local vector j=70
declare local vector j=35
declares local vector j=93
set local vector j=14
sets local vector j=47
create vector j=62
creates vector j=96
define vector j=77
defines vector j=17
declare vector j=24
declares vector j=16
set vector j=43
sets vector j=93
create global vector k=36
creates global vector k=11
define global vector k=54
defines global vector k=22
declare global vector k=10
declares global vector k=57
set global vector k=48
sets global vector k=86
create local vector k=34
creates local vector k=10
define local vector k=4
defines local vector k=59
declare local vector k=5
declares local vector k=9
set local vector k=94
sets local vector k=12
create vector k=30
creates vector k=87
define vector k=67
defines vector k=23
declare vector k=3
declares vector k=54
set vector k=58
sets vector k=10
create global vector a=29
creates global vector a=97
define global vector a=33
defines global vector a=50
declare global vector a=85
declares global vector a=81
set global vector a=37
sets global vector a=10
create local vector a=6
creates local vector a=93
define local vector a=81
defines local vector a=6
declare local vector a=54
declares local vector a=16
set local vector a=30
sets local vector a=65
create vector a=11
creates vector a=63
define vector a=76
defines vector a=0
declare vector a=77
declares vector a=59
set vector a=1
sets vector a=63
create global vector b=53
creates global vector b=56
define global vector b=31
defines global vector b=10
declare global vector b=95
declares global vector b=32
set global vector b=24
sets global vector b=17
create local vector b=42
creates local vector b=86
define local vector b=39
defines local vector b=100
declare local vector b=59
declares local vector b=55
set local vector b=79
sets local vector b=41
create vector b=31
creates vector b=10
define vector b=21
defines vector b=83
declare vector b=11
declares vector b=83
set vector b=95
sets vector b=6
create global vector c=6
creates global vector c=1
define global vector c=58
defines global vector c=100
declare global vector c=98
declares global vector c=37
set global vector c=93
sets global vector c=71
create local vector c=24
creates local vector c=25
define local vector c=52
defines local vector c=1
declare local vector c=82
declares local vector c=32
set local vector c=17
sets local vector c=12
create vector c=12
creates vector c=85
define vector c=6
defines vector c=78
declare vector c=97
declares vector c=73
set vector c=55
sets vector c=63
create global vectors vectors0=100
creates global vectors vectors0=50
define global vectors vectors0=3
defines global vectors vectors0=56
declare global vectors vectors0=93
declares global vectors vectors0=57
set global vectors vectors0=34
sets global vectors vectors0=42
create local vectors vectors0=5
creates local vectors vectors0=3
define local vectors vectors0=74
defines local vectors vectors0=48
declare local vectors vectors0=25
declares local vectors vectors0=96
set local vectors vectors0=96
sets local vectors vectors0=87
create vectors vectors0=25
creates vectors vectors0=21
define vectors vectors0=63
defines vectors vectors0=62
declare vectors vectors0=43
declares vectors vectors0=100
set vectors vectors0=19
sets vectors vectors0=98
create global vectors vectors1=79
creates global vectors vectors1=87
define global vectors vectors1=63
defines global vectors vectors1=56
declare global vectors vectors1=27
declares global vectors vectors1=12
set global vectors vectors1=87
sets global vectors vectors1=83
create local vectors vectors1=78
creates local vectors vectors1=17
define local vectors vectors1=38
defines local vectors vectors1=19
declare local vectors vectors1=12
declares local vectors vectors1=67
set local vectors vectors1=17
sets local vectors vectors1=35
create vectors vectors1=78
creates vectors vectors1=71
define vectors vectors1=72
defines vectors vectors1=79
declare vectors vectors1=28
declares vectors vectors1=76
set vectors vectors1=19
sets vectors vectors1=89
create global vectors vectors2=23
creates global vectors vectors2=56
define global vectors vectors2=27
defines global vectors vectors2=99
declare global vectors vectors2=94
declares global vectors vectors2=76
set global vectors vectors2=62
sets global vectors vectors2=21
create local vectors vectors2=27
creates local vectors vectors2=11
define local vectors vectors2=18
defines local vectors vectors2=32
declare local vectors vectors2=49
declares local vectors vectors2=67
set local vectors vectors2=58
sets local vectors vectors2=8
create vectors vectors2=100
creates vectors vectors2=21
define vectors vectors2=99
defines vectors vectors2=70
declare vectors vectors2=39
declares vectors vectors2=76
set vectors vectors2=94
sets vectors vectors2=60
create global vectors i=16
creates global vectors i=20
define global vectors i=28
defines global vectors i=60
declare global vectors i=22
declares global vectors i=58
set global vectors i=87
sets global vectors i=93
create local vectors i=76
creates local vectors i=0
define local vectors i=20
defines local vectors i=67
declare local vectors i=16
declares local vectors i=92
set local vectors i=59
sets local vectors i=33
create vectors i=94
creates vectors i=46
define vectors i=16
defines vectors i=50
declare vectors i=44
declares vectors i=29
set vectors i=83
sets vectors i=42
create global vectors j=13
creates global vectors j=12
define global vectors j=93
defines global vectors j=43
declare global vectors j=71
declares global vectors j=75
set global vectors j=42
sets global vectors j=45
create local vectors j=21
creates local vectors j=94
define local vectors j=17
defines local vectors j=98
declare local vectors j=31
declares local vectors j=84
set local vectors j=82
sets local vectors j=43
create vectors j=1
creates vectors j=18
define vectors j=45
defines vectors j=32
declare vectors j=67
declares vectors j=32
set vectors j=48
sets vectors j=41
create global vectors k=23
creates global vectors k=67
define global vectors k=44
defines global vectors k=93
declare global vectors k=89
declares global vectors k=5
set global vectors k=91
sets global vectors k=4
create local vectors k=20
creates local vectors k=7
define local vectors k=100
defines local vectors k=30
declare local vectors k=18
declares local vectors k=86
set local vectors k=21
sets local vectors k=86
create vectors k=13
creates vectors k=34
define vectors k=23
defines vectors k=47
declare vectors k=88
declares vectors k=73
set vectors k=50
sets vectors k=57
create global vectors a=29
creates global vectors a=1
define global vectors a=81
defines global vectors a=28
declare global vectors a=39
declares global vectors a=79
set global vectors a=51
sets global vectors a=98
create local vectors a=29
creates local vectors a=74
define local vectors a=35
defines local vectors a=58
declare local vectors a=5
declares local vectors a=38
set local vectors a=86
sets local vectors a=41
create vectors a=59
creates vectors a=57
define vectors a=19
defines vectors a=61
declare vectors a=57
declares vectors a=13
set vectors a=48
sets vectors a=8
create global vectors b=81
creates global vectors b=51
define global vectors b=77
defines global vectors b=21
declare global vectors b=100
declares global vectors b=36
set global vectors b=25
sets global vectors b=0
create local vectors b=55
creates local vectors b=76
define local vectors b=67
defines local vectors b=76
declare local vectors b=89
declares local vectors b=3
set local vectors b=82
sets local vectors b=96
create vectors b=1
creates vectors b=2
define vectors b=50
defines vectors b=94
declare vectors b=69
declares vectors b=2
set vectors b=12
sets vectors b=40
create global vectors c=90
creates global vectors c=28
define global vectors c=94
defines global vectors c=21
declare global vectors c=6
declares global vectors c=100
set global vectors c=3
sets global vectors c=8
create local vectors c=35
creates local vectors c=60
define local vectors c=11
defines local vectors c=12
declare local vectors c=48
declares local vectors c=7
set local vectors c=29
sets local vectors c=30
create vectors c=59
creates vectors c=97
define vectors c=77
defines vectors c=15
declare vectors c=45
declares vectors c=8
set vectors c=83
sets vectors c=65
create global boolean boolean0=91
creates global boolean boolean0=55
define global boolean boolean0=19
defines global boolean boolean0=67
declare global boolean boolean0=72
declares global boolean boolean0=44
set global boolean boolean0=84
sets global boolean boolean0=59
create local boolean boolean0=99
creates local boolean boolean0=86
define local boolean boolean0=61
defines local boolean boolean0=59
declare local boolean boolean0=28
declares local boolean boolean0=51
set local boolean boolean0=92
sets local boolean boolean0=70
create boolean boolean0=89
creates boolean boolean0=21
define boolean boolean0=14
defines boolean boolean0=31
declare boolean boolean0=72
declares boolean boolean0=94
set boolean boolean0=37
sets boolean boolean0=1
create global boolean boolean1=85
creates global boolean boolean1=35
define global boolean boolean1=15
defines global boolean boolean1=7
declare global boolean boolean1=84
declares global boolean boolean1=71
set global boolean boolean1=49
sets global boolean boolean1=43
create local boolean boolean1=20
creates local boolean boolean1=42
define local boolean boolean1=66
defines local boolean boolean1=53
declare local boolean boolean1=89
declares local boolean boolean1=93
set local boolean boolean1=53
sets local boolean boolean1=58
create boolean boolean1=2
creates boolean boolean1=88
define boolean boolean1=30
defines boolean boolean1=55
declare boolean boolean1=0
declares boolean boolean1=0
set boolean boolean1=97
sets boolean boolean1=23
create global boolean boolean2=75
creates global boolean boolean2=77
define global boolean boolean2=23
defines global boolean boolean2=0
declare global boolean boolean2=49
declares global boolean boolean2=22
set global boolean boolean2=59
sets global boolean boolean2=98
create local boolean boolean2=97
creates local boolean boolean2=45
define local boolean boolean2=58
defines local boolean boolean2=89
declare local boolean boolean2=93
declares local boolean boolean2=75
set local boolean boolean2=42
sets local boolean boolean2=66
create boolean boolean2=42
creates boolean boolean2=40
define boolean boolean2=97
defines boolean boolean2=83
declare boolean boolean2=90
declares boolean boolean2=96
set boolean boolean2=27
sets boolean boolean2=34
create global boolean i=51
creates global boolean i=2
define global boolean i=50
defines global boolean i=63
declare global boolean i=75
declares global boolean i=25
set global boolean i=62
sets global boolean i=63
create local boolean i=74
creates local boolean i=20
define local boolean i=20
defines local boolean i=47
declare local boolean i=30
declares local boolean i=49
set local boolean i=56
sets local boolean i=54
create boolean i=53
creates boolean i=46
define boolean i=71
defines boolean i=51
declare boolean i=15
declares boolean i=6
set boolean i=74
sets boolean i=63
create global boolean j=74
creates global boolean j=40
define global boolean j=46
defines global boolean j=6
declare global boolean j=35
declares global boolean j=92
set global boolean j=10
sets global boolean j=2
create local boolean j=80
creates local boolean j=62
define local boolean j=36
defines local boolean j=99
declare local boolean j=92
declares local boolean j=58
set local boolean j=71
sets local boolean j=4
create boolean j=30
creates boolean j=14
define boolean j=26
defines boolean j=94
declare boolean j=94
declares boolean j=22
set boolean j=59
sets boolean j=65
create global boolean k=45
creates global boolean k=36
define global boolean k=21
defines global boolean k=96
declare global boolean k=47
declares global boolean k=27
set global boolean k=36
sets global boolean k=52
create local boolean k=13
creates local boolean k=58
define local boolean k=71
defines local boolean k=24
declare local boolean k=80
declares local boolean k=30
set local boolean k=81
sets local boolean k=6
create boolean k=19
creates boolean k=70
define boolean k=19
defines boolean k=11
declare boolean k=2
declares boolean k=51
set boolean k=10
sets boolean k=47
create global boolean a=4
creates global boolean a=91
define global boolean a=39
defines global boolean a=33
declare global boolean a=35
declares global boolean a=68
set global boolean a=66
sets global boolean a=15
create local boolean a=60
creates local boolean a=70
define local boolean a=86
defines local boolean a=48
declare local boolean a=3
declares local boolean a=0
set local boolean a=100
sets local boolean a=56
create boolean a=48
creates boolean a=17
define boolean a=75
defines boolean a=23
declare boolean a=34
declares boolean a=37
set boolean a=30
sets boolean a=0
create global boolean b=29
creates global boolean b=38
define global boolean b=34
defines global boolean b=3
declare global boolean b=40
declares global boolean b=62
set global boolean b=64
sets global boolean b=79
create local boolean b=64
creates local boolean b=57
define local boolean b=28
defines local boolean b=43
declare local boolean b=32
declares local boolean b=96
set local boolean b=7
sets local boolean b=32
create boolean b=48
creates boolean b=66
define boolean b=12
defines boolean b=86
declare boolean b=64
declares boolean b=14
set boolean b=14
sets boolean b=47
create global boolean c=10
creates global boolean c=91
define global boolean c=66
defines global boolean c=72
declare global boolean c=51
declares global boolean c=71
set global boolean c=57
sets global boolean c=37
create local boolean c=16
creates local boolean c=66
define local boolean c=96
defines local boolean c=4
declare local boolean c=49
declares local boolean c=93
set local boolean c=18
sets local boolean c=97
create boolean c=78
creates boolean c=35
define boolean c=91
defines boolean c=95
declare boolean c=61
declares boolean c=6
set boolean c=11
sets boolean c=66
create global booleans booleans0=62
creates global booleans booleans0=96
define global booleans booleans0=18
defines global booleans booleans0=75
declare global booleans booleans0=17
declares global booleans booleans0=40
set global booleans booleans0=15
sets global booleans booleans0=0
create local booleans booleans0=79
creates local booleans booleans0=72
define local booleans booleans0=24
defines local booleans booleans0=70
declare local booleans booleans0=66
declares local booleans booleans0=33
set local booleans booleans0=2
sets local booleans booleans0=72
create booleans booleans0=96
creates booleans booleans0=79
define booleans booleans0=30
defines booleans booleans0=76
declare booleans booleans0=38
declares booleans booleans0=17
set booleans booleans0=58
sets booleans booleans0=10
create global booleans booleans1=94
creates global booleans booleans1=7
define global booleans booleans1=80
defines global booleans booleans1=100
declare global booleans booleans1=8
declares global booleans booleans1=95
set global booleans booleans1=30
sets global booleans booleans1=61
create local booleans booleans1=57
creates local booleans booleans1=47
define local booleans booleans1=24
defines local booleans booleans1=99
declare local booleans booleans1=75
declares local booleans booleans1=88
set local booleans booleans1=70
sets local booleans booleans1=11
create booleans booleans1=72
creates booleans booleans1=91
define booleans booleans1=96
defines booleans booleans1=42
declare booleans booleans1=4
declares booleans booleans1=84
set booleans booleans1=42
sets booleans booleans1=26
create global booleans booleans2=58
creates global booleans booleans2=82
define global booleans booleans2=38
defines global booleans booleans2=15
declare global booleans booleans2=60
declares global booleans booleans2=11
set global booleans booleans2=15
sets global booleans booleans2=64
create local booleans booleans2=41
creates local booleans booleans2=47
define local booleans booleans2=66
defines local booleans booleans2=76
declare local booleans booleans2=48
declares local booleans booleans2=85
set local booleans booleans2=88
sets local booleans booleans2=34
create booleans booleans2=69
creates booleans booleans2=55
define booleans booleans2=6
defines booleans booleans2=92
declare booleans booleans2=9
declares booleans booleans2=31
set booleans booleans2=76
sets booleans booleans2=65
create global booleans i=100
creates global booleans i=50
define global booleans i=85
defines global booleans i=48
declare global booleans i=28
declares global booleans i=54
set global booleans i=65
sets global booleans i=57
create local booleans i=11
creates local booleans i=44
define local booleans i=81
defines local booleans i=96
declare local booleans i=91
declares local booleans i=37
set local booleans i=37
sets local booleans i=92
create booleans i=58
creates booleans i=47
define booleans i=74
defines booleans i=44
declare booleans i=79
declares booleans i=71
set booleans i=90
sets booleans i=88
create global booleans j=49
creates global booleans j=86
define global booleans j=67
defines global booleans j=45
declare global booleans j=65
declares global booleans j=62
set global booleans j=88
sets global booleans j=30
create local booleans j=35
creates local booleans j=88
define local booleans j=9
defines local booleans j=75
declare local booleans j=23
declares local booleans j=10
set local booleans j=88
sets local booleans j=81
create booleans j=90
creates booleans j=76
define booleans j=57
defines booleans j=23
declare booleans j=12
declares booleans j=87
set booleans j=52
sets booleans j=52
create global booleans k=61
creates global booleans k=57
define global booleans k=79
defines global booleans k=69
declare global booleans k=8
declares global booleans k=48
set global booleans k=51
sets global booleans k=78
create local booleans k=55
creates local booleans k=49
define local booleans k=97
defines local booleans k=58
declare local booleans k=78
declares local booleans k=87
set local booleans k=75
sets local booleans k=19
create booleans k=94
creates booleans k=1
define booleans k=58
defines booleans k=77
declare booleans k=13
declares booleans k=32
set booleans k=98
sets booleans k=54
create global booleans a=23
creates global booleans a=14
define global booleans a=34
defines global booleans a=70
declare global booleans a=90
declares global booleans a=4
set global booleans a=16
sets global booleans a=13
create local booleans a=32
creates local booleans a=29
define local booleans a=53
defines local booleans a=25
declare local booleans a=93
declares local booleans a=75
set local booleans a=67
sets local booleans a=77
create booleans a=45
creates booleans a=56
define booleans a=28
defines booleans a=69
declare booleans a=40
declares booleans a=82
set booleans a=41
sets booleans a=14
create global booleans b=71
creates global booleans b=58
define global booleans b=3
defines global booleans b=95
declare global booleans b=40
declares global booleans b=87
set global booleans b=75
sets global booleans b=89
create local booleans b=11
creates local booleans b=69
define local booleans b=89
defines local booleans b=41
declare local booleans b=14
declares local booleans b=18
set local booleans b=72
sets local booleans b=83
create booleans b=55
creates booleans b=49
define booleans b=54
defines booleans b=9
declare booleans b=80
declares booleans b=24
set booleans b=98
sets booleans b=79
create global booleans c=23
creates global booleans c=24
define global booleans c=35
defines global booleans c=13
declare global booleans c=28
declares global booleans c=10
set global booleans c=92
sets global booleans c=99
create local booleans c=51
creates local booleans c=3
define local booleans c=66
defines local booleans c=66
declare local booleans c=16
declares local booleans c=28
set local booleans c=44
sets local booleans c=94
create booleans c=38
creates booleans c=16
define booleans c=34
defines booleans c=62
declare booleans c=86
declares booleans c=98
set booleans c=39
sets booleans c=33
create global bool bool0=17
creates global bool bool0=80
define global bool bool0=10
defines global bool bool0=57
declare global bool bool0=98
declares global bool bool0=70
set global bool bool0=22
sets global bool bool0=56
create local bool bool0=43
creates local bool bool0=29
define local bool bool0=77
defines local bool bool0=54
declare local bool bool0=35
declares local bool bool0=84
set local bool bool0=99
sets local bool bool0=1
create bool bool0=89
creates bool bool0=25
define bool bool0=4
defines bool bool0=25
declare bool bool0=63
declares bool bool0=7
set bool bool0=86
sets bool bool0=22
create global bool bool1=49
creates global bool bool1=92
define global bool bool1=97
defines global bool bool1=54
declare global bool bool1=70
declares global bool bool1=53
set global bool bool1=11
sets global bool bool1=48
create local bool bool1=16
creates local bool bool1=92
define local bool bool1=12
defines local bool bool1=86
declare local bool bool1=63
declares local bool bool1=16
set local bool bool1=72
sets local bool bool1=16
create bool bool1=53
creates bool bool1=57
define bool bool1=73
defines bool bool1=61
declare bool bool1=64
declares bool bool1=87
set bool bool1=69
sets bool bool1=68
create global bool bool2=83
creates global bool bool2=40
define global bool bool2=65
defines global bool bool2=4
declare global bool bool2=19
declares global bool bool2=91
set global bool bool2=27
sets global bool bool2=20
create local bool bool2=41
creates local bool bool2=32
define local bool bool2=12
defines local bool bool2=18
declare local bool bool2=70
declares local bool bool2=55
set local bool bool2=20
sets local bool bool2=71
create bool bool2=13
creates bool bool2=89
define bool bool2=38
defines bool bool2=1
declare bool bool2=44
declares bool bool2=86
set bool bool2=12
sets bool bool2=44
create global bool i=3
creates global bool i=19
define global bool i=26
defines global bool i=56
declare global bool i=11
declares global bool i=41
set global bool i=78
sets global bool i=100
create local bool i=74
creates local bool i=56
define local bool i=94
defines local bool i=82
declare local bool i=64
declares local bool i=81
set local bool i=81
sets local bool i=79
create bool i=34
creates bool i=2
define bool i=80
defines bool i=50
declare bool i=98
declares bool i=27
set bool i=64
sets bool i=27
create global bool j=48
creates global bool j=88
define global bool j=91
defines global bool j=65
declare global bool j=39
declares global bool j=46
set global bool j=15
sets global bool j=20
create local bool j=43
creates local bool j=71
define local bool j=50
defines local bool j=88
declare local bool j=65
declares local bool j=38
set local bool j=18
sets local bool j=56
create bool j=66
creates bool j=36
define bool j=99
defines bool j=91
declare bool j=14
declares bool j=36
set bool j=69
sets bool j=27
create global bool k=72
creates global bool k=24
define global bool k=70
defines global bool k=52
declare global bool k=31
declares global bool k=33
set global bool k=13
sets global bool k=48
create local bool k=62
creates local bool k=1
define local bool k=59
defines local bool k=63
declare local bool k=78
declares local bool k=70
set local bool k=53
sets local bool k=49
create bool k=10
creates bool k=6
define bool k=55
defines bool k=70
declare bool k=55
declares bool k=11
set bool k=84
sets bool k=62
create global bool a=90
creates global bool a=100
define global bool a=45
defines global bool a=38
declare global bool a=46
declares global bool a=41
set global bool a=80
sets global bool a=47
create local bool a=9
creates local bool a=73
define local bool a=34
defines local bool a=14
declare local bool a=97
declares local bool a=11
set local bool a=99
sets local bool a=88
create bool a=55
creates bool a=14
define bool a=82
defines bool a=11
declare bool a=14
declares bool a=77
set bool a=29
sets bool a=58
create global bool b=14
creates global bool b=15
define global bool b=43
defines global bool b=87
declare global bool b=91
declares global bool b=74
set global bool b=42
sets global bool b=68
create local bool b=70
creates local bool b=15
define local bool b=29
defines local bool b=81
declare local bool b=92
declares local bool b=72
set local bool b=3
sets local bool b=91
create bool b=80
creates bool b=87
define bool b=86
defines bool b=19
declare bool b=81
declares bool b=0
set bool b=48
sets bool b=56
create global bool c=47
creates global bool c=83
define global bool c=37
defines global bool c=38
declare global bool c=32
declares global bool c=49
set global bool c=13
sets global bool c=59
create local bool c=18
creates local bool c=95
define local bool c=6
defines local bool c=95
declare local bool c=95
declares local bool c=39
set local bool c=1
sets local bool c=83
create bool c=99
creates bool c=13
define bool c=92
defines bool c=71
declare bool c=26
declares bool c=7
set bool c=75
sets bool c=65
create global bools bools0=20
creates global bools bools0=85
define global bools bools0=34
defines global bools bools0=10
declare global bools bools0=94
declares global bools bools0=83
set global bools bools0=81
sets global bools bools0=19
create local bools bools0=38
creates local bools bools0=43
define local bools bools0=37
defines local bools bools0=65
declare local bools bools0=37
declares local bools bools0=57
set local bools bools0=79
sets local bools bools0=10
create bools bools0=84
creates bools bools0=37
define bools bools0=23
defines bools bools0=43
declare bools bools0=77
declares bools bools0=96
set bools bools0=55
sets bools bools0=31
create global bools bools1=3
creates global bools bools1=80
define global bools bools1=57
defines global bools bools1=57
declare global bools bools1=95
declares global bools bools1=93
set global bools bools1=39
sets global bools bools1=77
create local bools bools1=88
creates local bools bools1=92
define local bools bools1=65
defines local bools bools1=83
declare local bools bools1=22
declares local bools bools1=42
set local bools bools1=8
sets local bools bools1=88
create bools bools1=24
creates bools bools1=20
define bools bools1=25
defines bools bools1=90
declare bools bools1=67
declares bools bools1=14
set bools bools1=46
sets bools bools1=25
create global bools bools2=37
creates global bools bools2=62
define global bools bools2=25
defines global bools bools2=79
declare global bools bools2=94
declares global bools bools2=89
set global bools bools2=42
sets global bools bools2=86
create local bools bools2=48
creates local bools bools2=100
define local bools bools2=94
defines local bools bools2=90
declare local bools bools2=18
declares local bools bools2=10
set local bools bools2=39
sets local bools bools2=32
create bools bools2=44
creates bools bools2=13
define bools bools2=24
defines bools bools2=66
declare bools bools2=90
declares bools bools2=89
set bools bools2=78
sets bools bools2=54
create global bools i=49
creates global bools i=26
define global bools i=39
defines global bools i=43
declare global bools i=37
declares global bools i=96
set global bools i=23
sets global bools i=20
create local bools i=14
creates local bools i=17
define local bools i=32
defines local bools i=82
declare local bools i=58
declares local bools i=10
set local bools i=81
sets local bools i=97
create bools i=96
creates bools i=40
define bools i=80
defines bools i=100
declare bools i=83
declares bools i=27
set bools i=1
sets bools i=66
create global bools j=95
creates global bools j=3
define global bools j=85
defines global bools j=31
declare global bools j=88
declares global bools j=25
set global bools j=16
sets global bools j=69
create local bools j=55
creates local bools j=98
define local bools j=32
defines local bools j=10
declare local bools j=18
declares local bools j=6
set local bools j=56
sets local bools j=38
create bools j=52
creates bools j=1
define bools j=50
defines bools j=43
declare bools j=74
declares bools j=98
set bools j=2
sets bools j=83
create global bools k=80
creates global bools k=17
define global bools k=64
defines global bools k=22
declare global bools k=0
declares global bools k=69
set global bools k=37
sets global bools k=72
create local bools k=13
creates local bools k=69
define local bools k=8
defines local bools k=31
declare local bools k=89
declares local bools k=16
set local bools k=45
sets local bools k=97
create bools k=87
creates bools k=40
define bools k=80
defines bools k=3
declare bools k=43
declares bools k=21
set bools k=54
sets bools k=93
create global bools a=76
creates global bools a=53
define global bools a=60
defines global bools a=75
declare global bools a=87
declares global bools a=41
set global bools a=23
sets global bools a=63
create local bools a=33
creates local bools a=16
define local bools a=29
defines local bools a=19
declare local bools a=34
declares local bools a=33
set local bools a=33
sets local bools a=76
create bools a=14
creates bools a=87
define bools a=48
defines bools a=34
declare bools a=63
declares bools a=11
set bools a=38
sets bools a=4
create global bools b=35
creates global bools b=58
define global bools b=92
defines global bools b=67
declare global bools b=9
declares global bools b=83
set global bools b=82
sets global bools b=38
create local bools b=82
creates local bools b=88
define local bools b=48
defines local bools b=97
declare local bools b=28
declares local bools b=77
set local bools b=60
sets local bools b=7
create bools b=97
creates bools b=10
define bools b=57
defines bools b=96
declare bools b=20
declares bools b=28
set bools b=2
sets bools b=59
create global bools c=97
creates global bools c=47
define global bools c=57
defines global bools c=16
declare global bools c=46
declares global bools c=95
set global bools c=8
sets global bools c=74
create local bools c=67
creates local bools c=31
define local bools c=45
defines local bools c=93
declare local bools c=15
declares local bools c=52
set local bools c=52
sets local bools c=41
create bools c=63
creates bools c=42
define bools c=27
defines bools c=77
declare bools c=76
declares bools c=17
set bools c=13
sets bools c=11
create global class class0=68
creates global class class0=100
define global class class0=72
defines global class class0=46
declare global class class0=99
declares global class class0=97
set global class class0=45
sets global class class0=19
create local class class0=37
creates local class class0=33
define local class class0=2
defines local class class0=42
declare local class class0=53
declares local class class0=53
set local class class0=60
sets local class class0=16
create class class0=45
creates class class0=73
define class class0=62
defines class class0=49
declare class class0=21
declares class class0=96
set class class0=52
sets class class0=59
create global class class1=41
creates global class class1=51
define global class class1=6
defines global class class1=27
declare global class class1=27
declares global class class1=78
set global class class1=86
sets global class class1=4
create local class class1=62
creates local class class1=88
define local class class1=87
defines local class class1=8
declare local class class1=31
declares local class class1=24
set local class class1=35
sets local class class1=64
create class class1=9
creates class class1=14
define class class1=46
defines class class1=100
declare class class1=25
declares class class1=100
set class class1=83
sets class class1=76
create global class class2=67
creates global class class2=14
define global class class2=48
defines global class class2=83
declare global class class2=71
declares global class class2=88
set global class class2=70
sets global class class2=91
create local class class2=27
creates local class class2=17
define local class class2=97
defines local class class2=56
declare local class class2=37
declares local class class2=46
set local class class2=30
sets local class class2=10
create class class2=74
creates class class2=41
define class class2=55
defines class class2=17
declare class class2=81
declares class class2=70
set class class2=84
sets class class2=24
create global class i=7
creates global class i=61
define global class i=47
defines global class i=81
declare global class i=76
declares global class i=29
set global class i=58
sets global class i=56
create local class i=5
creates local class i=84
define local class i=22
defines local class i=58
declare local class i=15
declares local class i=51
set local class i=52
sets local class i=36
create class i=42
creates class i=5
define class i=67
defines class i=55
declare class i=42
declares class i=36
set class i=22
sets class i=31
create global class j=97
creates global class j=51
define global class j=37
defines global class j=57
declare global class j=60
declares global class j=94
set global class j=30
sets global class j=2
create local class j=7
creates local class j=96
define local class j=97
defines local class j=42
declare local class j=62
declares local class j=98
set local class j=89
sets local class j=24
create class j=68
creates class j=43
define class j=16
defines class j=81
declare class j=45
declares class j=95
set class j=15
sets class j=8
create global class k=3
creates global class k=4
define global class k=83
defines global class k=17
declare global class k=92
declares global class k=85
set global class k=21
sets global class k=17
create local class k=92
creates local class k=24
define local class k=19
defines local class k=7
declare local class k=63
declares local class k=65
set local class k=74
sets local class k=25
create class k=10
creates class k=28
define class k=65
defines class k=74
declare class k=5
declares class k=12
set class k=32
sets class k=16
create global class a=56
creates global class a=45
define global class a=84
defines global class a=79
declare global class a=9
declares global class a=92
set global class a=28
sets global class a=96
create local class a=65
creates local class a=65
define local class a=93
defines local class a=57
declare local class a=63
declares local class a=92
set local class a=43
sets local class a=40
create class a=56
creates class a=27
define class a=57
defines class a=4
declare class a=78
declares class a=6
set class a=2
sets class a=83
create global class b=49
creates global class b=45
define global class b=95
defines global class b=67
declare global class b=53
declares global class b=98
set global class b=79
sets global class b=39
create local class b=66
creates local class b=51
define local class b=6
defines local class b=21
declare local class b=35
declares local class b=27
set local class b=82
sets local class b=61
create class b=57
creates class b=56
define class b=30
defines class b=83
declare class b=39
declares class b=46
set class b=17
sets class b=45
create global class c=92
creates global class c=11
define global class c=57
defines global class c=25
declare global class c=1
declares global class c=69
set global class c=51
sets global class c=90
create local class c=52
creates local class c=47
define local class c=88
defines local class c=35
declare local class c=84
declares local class c=95
set local class c=64
sets local class c=85
create class c=100
creates class c=13
define class c=58
defines class c=99
declare class c=91
declares class c=61
set class c=56
sets class c=58
create global classes classes0=79
creates global classes classes0=79
define global classes classes0=100
defines global classes classes0=99
declare global classes classes0=91
declares global classes classes0=74
set global classes classes0=71
sets global classes classes0=100
create local classes classes0=17
creates local classes classes0=22
define local classes classes0=99
defines local classes classes0=98
declare local classes classes0=20
declares local classes classes0=75
set local classes classes0=5
sets local classes classes0=5
create classes classes0=4
creates classes classes0=40
define classes classes0=71
defines classes classes0=3
declare classes classes0=84
declares classes classes0=5
set classes classes0=61
sets classes classes0=98
create global classes classes1=72
creates global classes classes1=47
define global classes classes1=89
defines global classes classes1=58
declare global classes classes1=52
declares global classes classes1=82
set global classes classes1=72
sets global classes classes1=5
create local classes classes1=23
creates local classes classes1=41
define local classes classes1=77
defines local classes classes1=47
declare local classes classes1=34
declares local classes classes1=77
set local classes classes1=68
sets local classes classes1=51
create classes classes1=61
creates classes classes1=27
define classes classes1=94
defines classes classes1=89
declare classes classes1=49
declares classes classes1=31
set classes classes1=18
sets classes classes1=97
create global classes classes2=79
creates global classes classes2=15
define global classes classes2=0
defines global classes classes2=32
declare global classes classes2=58
declares global classes classes2=2
set global classes classes2=79
sets global classes classes2=3
create local classes classes2=82
creates local classes classes2=68
define local classes classes2=8
defines local classes classes2=31
declare local classes classes2=3
declares local classes classes2=73
set local classes classes2=17
sets local classes classes2=22
create classes classes2=82
creates classes classes2=92
define classes classes2=20
defines classes classes2=33
declare classes classes2=32
declares classes classes2=39
set classes classes2=20
sets classes classes2=5
create global classes i=70
creates global classes i=74
define global classes i=48
defines global classes i=16
declare global classes i=79
declares global classes i=32
set global classes i=69
sets global classes i=73
create local classes i=42
creates local classes i=67
define local classes i=93
defines local classes i=41
declare local classes i=96
declares local classes i=34
set local classes i=71
sets local classes i=51
create classes i=91
creates classes i=70
define classes i=4
defines classes i=54
declare classes i=86
declares classes i=7
set classes i=36
sets classes i=41
create global classes j=23
creates global classes j=45
define global classes j=26
defines global classes j=55
declare global classes j=46
declares global classes j=38
set global classes j=11
sets global classes j=76
create local classes j=13
creates local classes j=8
define local classes j=38
defines local classes j=29
declare local classes j=54
declares local classes j=55
set local classes j=63
sets local classes j=17
create classes j=38
creates classes j=100
define classes j=79
defines classes j=61
declare classes j=27
declares classes j=93
set classes j=9
sets classes j=30
create global classes k=95
creates global classes k=39
define global classes k=74
defines global classes k=75
declare global classes k=13
declares global classes k=96
set global classes k=36
sets global classes k=95
create local classes k=63
creates local classes k=71
define local classes k=29
defines local classes k=55
declare local classes k=51
declares local classes k=5
set local classes k=80
sets local classes k=20
create classes k=56
creates classes k=50
define classes k=9
defines classes k=91
declare classes k=64
declares classes k=58
set classes k=10
sets classes k=86
create global classes a=47
creates global classes a=33
define global classes a=28
defines global classes a=65
declare global classes a=44
declares global classes a=54
set global classes a=51
sets global classes a=7
create local classes a=93
creates local classes a=67
define local classes a=25
defines local classes a=0
declare local classes a=99
declares local classes a=15
set local classes a=71
sets local classes a=43
create classes a=45
creates classes a=22
define classes a=98
defines classes a=46
declare classes a=2
declares classes a=92
set classes a=54
sets classes a=52
create global classes b=86
creates global classes b=61
define global classes b=10
defines global classes b=48
declare global classes b=99
declares global classes b=84
set global classes b=41
sets global classes b=14
create local classes b=50
creates local classes b=51
define local classes b=12
defines local classes b=65
declare local classes b=97
declares local classes b=10
set local classes b=53
sets local classes b=84
create classes b=60
creates classes b=96
define classes b=13
defines classes b=58
declare classes b=33
declares classes b=29
set classes b=12
sets classes b=28
create global classes c=27
creates global classes c=66
define global classes c=43
defines global classes c=70
declare global classes c=77
declares global classes c=62
set global classes c=30
sets global classes c=16
create local classes c=57
creates local classes c=58
define local classes c=100
defines local classes c=70
declare local classes c=68
declares local classes c=31
set local classes c=85
sets local classes c=84
create classes c=63
creates classes c=92
define classes c=43
defines classes c=98
declare classes c=92
declares classes c=60
set classes c=78
sets classes c=89
create global void void0=30
creates global void void0=26
define global void void0=73
defines global void void0=48
declare global void void0=48
declares global void void0=53
set global void void0=28
sets global void void0=21
create local void void0=1
creates local void void0=40
define local void void0=42
defines local void void0=55
declare local void void0=71
declares local void void0=62
set local void void0=60
sets local void void0=71
create void void0=63
creates void void0=41
define void void0=13
defines void void0=9
declare void void0=19
declares void void0=74
set void void0=24
sets void void0=23
create global void void1=60
creates global void void1=22
define global void void1=6
defines global void void1=12
declare global void void1=28
declares global void void1=14
set global void void1=16
sets global void void1=24
create local void void1=33
creates local void void1=46
define local void void1=9
defines local void void1=2
declare local void void1=79
declares local void void1=88
set local void void1=44
sets local void void1=69
create void void1=57
creates void void1=85
define void void1=1
defines void void1=53
declare void void1=25
declares void void1=98
set void void1=22
sets void void1=93
create global void void2=8
creates global void void2=49
define global void void2=31
defines global void void2=13
declare global void void2=83
declares global void void2=80
set global void void2=48
sets global void void2=69
create local void void2=44
creates local void void2=55
define local void void2=42
defines local void void2=100
declare local void void2=18
declares local void void2=43
set local void void2=3
sets local void void2=35
create void void2=52
creates void void2=1
define void void2=22
defines void void2=86
declare void void2=55
declares void void2=12
set void void2=53
sets void void2=11
create global void i=40
creates global void i=0
define global void i=20
defines global void i=32
declare global void i=78
declares global void i=56
set global void i=95
sets global void i=26
create local void i=90
creates local void i=54
define local void i=36
defines local void i=91
declare local void i=14
declares local void i=16
set local void i=0
sets local void i=91
create void i=83
creates void i=59
define void i=76
defines void i=89
declare void i=55
declares void i=97
set void i=47
sets void i=85
create global void j=48
creates global void j=73
define global void j=92
defines global void j=55
declare global void j=61
declares global void j=88
set global void j=45
sets global void j=19
create local void j=29
creates local void j=7
define local void j=37
defines local void j=83
declare local void j=85
declares local void j=31
set local void j=38
sets local void j=56
create void j=92
creates void j=93
define void j=23
defines void j=49
declare void j=49
declares void j=60
set void j=32
sets void j=62
create global void k=32
creates global void k=6
define global void k=54
defines global void k=35
declare global void k=62
declares global void k=70
set global void k=79
sets global void k=88
create local void k=46
creates local void k=58
define local void k=65
defines local void k=55
declare local void k=2
declares local void k=20
set local void k=49
sets local void k=67
create void k=87
creates void k=95
define void k=10
defines void k=84
declare void k=65
declares void k=1
set void k=46
sets void k=64
create global void a=96
creates global void a=1
define global void a=88
defines global void a=11
declare global void a=28
declares global void a=92
set global void a=42
sets global void a=3
create local void a=51
creates local void a=53
define local void a=88
defines local void a=82
declare local void a=44
declares local void a=87
set local void a=68
sets local void a=70
create void a=63
creates void a=46
define void a=81
defines void a=39
declare void a=57
declares void a=33
set void a=31
sets void a=41
create global void b=2
creates global void b=20
define global void b=67
defines global void b=28
declare global void b=80
declares global void b=63
set global void b=8
sets global void b=5
create local void b=25
creates local void b=55
define local void b=64
defines local void b=25
declare local void b=40
declares local void b=23
set local void b=0
sets local void b=39
create void b=43
creates void b=96
define void b=46
defines void b=38
declare void b=85
declares void b=35
set void b=4
sets void b=62
create global void c=91
creates global void c=44
define global void c=90
defines global void c=91
declare global void c=70
declares global void c=17
set global void c=99
sets global void c=66
create local void c=10
creates local void c=64
define local void c=87
defines local void c=10
declare local void c=83
declares local void c=14
set local void c=28
sets local void c=46
create void c=63
creates void c=44
define void c=87
defines void c=24
declare void c=38
declares void c=94
set void c=90
sets void c=91
create global voids voids0=21
creates global voids voids0=17
define global voids voids0=17
defines global voids voids0=20
declare global voids voids0=69
declares global voids voids0=86
set global voids voids0=34
sets global voids voids0=81
create local voids voids0=27
creates local voids voids0=74
define local voids voids0=72
defines local voids voids0=51
declare local voids voids0=17
declares local voids voids0=21
set local voids voids0=67
sets local voids voids0=76
create voids voids0=58
creates voids voids0=5
define voids voids0=71
defines voids voids0=33
declare voids voids0=33
declares voids voids0=96
set voids voids0=100
sets voids voids0=13
create global voids voids1=2
creates global voids voids1=49
define global voids voids1=91
defines global voids voids1=33
declare global voids voids1=21
declares global voids voids1=75
set global voids voids1=91
sets global voids voids1=3
create local voids voids1=58
creates local voids voids1=57
define local voids voids1=58
defines local voids voids1=3
declare local voids voids1=16
declares local voids voids1=30
set local voids voids1=66
sets local voids voids1=47
create voids voids1=32
creates voids voids1=44
define voids voids1=78
defines voids voids1=37
declare voids voids1=61
declares voids voids1=95
set voids voids1=92
sets voids voids1=50
create global voids voids2=18
creates global voids voids2=55
define global voids voids2=63
defines global voids voids2=22
declare global voids voids2=66
declares global voids voids2=51
set global voids voids2=82
sets global voids voids2=4
create local voids voids2=22
creates local voids voids2=50
define local voids voids2=14
defines local voids voids2=54
declare local voids voids2=93
declares local voids voids2=40
set local voids voids2=90
sets local voids voids2=42
create voids voids2=76
creates voids voids2=6
define voids voids2=82
defines voids voids2=45
declare voids voids2=43
declares voids voids2=41
set voids voids2=57
sets voids voids2=57
create global voids i=75
creates global voids i=66
define global voids i=86
defines global voids i=95
declare global voids i=42
declares global voids i=58
set global voids i=49
sets global voids i=17
create local voids i=38
creates local voids i=52
define local voids i=93
defines local voids i=40
declare local voids i=27
declares local voids i=55
set local voids i=88
sets local voids i=6
create voids i=59
creates voids i=60
define voids i=75
defines voids i=93
declare voids i=100
declares voids i=54
set voids i=40
sets voids i=26
create global voids j=92
creates global voids j=68
define global voids j=13
defines global voids j=26
declare global voids j=68
declares global voids j=82
set global voids j=31
sets global voids j=45
create local voids j=23
creates local voids j=64
define local voids j=27
defines local voids j=71
declare local voids j=8
declares local voids j=95
set local voids j=95
sets local voids j=80
create voids j=94
creates voids j=66
define voids j=33
defines voids j=97
declare voids j=43
declares voids j=53
set voids j=53
sets voids j=5
create global voids k=79
creates global voids k=56
define global voids k=72
defines global voids k=57
declare global voids k=85
declares global voids k=25
set global voids k=94
sets global voids k=94
create local voids k=99
creates local voids k=70
define local voids k=86
defines local voids k=35
declare local voids k=66
declares local voids k=99
set local voids k=78
sets local voids k=4
create voids k=38
creates voids k=20
define voids k=52
defines voids k=99
declare voids k=2
declares voids k=9
set voids k=92
sets voids k=48
create global voids a=26
creates global voids a=88
define global voids a=42
defines global voids a=95
declare global voids a=97
declares global voids a=47
set global voids a=80
sets global voids a=39
create local voids a=16
creates local voids a=5
define local voids a=84
defines local voids a=82
declare local voids a=66
declares local voids a=17
set local voids a=19
sets local voids a=86
create voids a=36
creates voids a=93
define voids a=76
defines voids a=67
declare voids a=61
declares voids a=58
set voids a=42
sets voids a=76
create global voids b=86
creates global voids b=73
define global voids b=71
defines global voids b=53
declare global voids b=21
declares global voids b=44
set global voids b=22
sets global voids b=42
create local voids b=85
creates local voids b=60
define local voids b=10
defines local voids b=32
declare local voids b=23
declares local voids b=68
set local voids b=84
sets local voids b=97
create voids b=98
creates voids b=26
define voids b=5
defines voids b=32
declare voids b=67
declares voids b=31
set voids b=76
sets voids b=22
create global voids c=85
creates global voids c=2
define global voids c=54
defines global voids c=26
declare global voids c=61
declares global voids c=13
set global voids c=4
sets global voids c=37
create local voids c=20
creates local voids c=73
define local voids c=45
defines local voids c=63
declare local voids c=79
declares local voids c=20
set local voids c=95
sets local voids c=46
create voids c=83
creates voids c=70
define voids c=94
defines voids c=72
declare voids c=54
declares voids c=38
set voids c=56
sets voids c=51
create global integer equal integer0 to 15
creates global integer equal integer0 to 74
define global integer equal integer0 to 56
defines global integer equal integer0 to 53
declare global integer equal integer0 to 35
declares global integer equal integer0 to 66
set global integer equal integer0 to 60
sets global integer equal integer0 to 33
create local integer equal integer0 to 47
creates local integer equal integer0 to 24
define local integer equal integer0 to 71
defines local integer equal integer0 to 9
declare local integer equal integer0 to 59
declares local integer equal integer0 to 53
set local integer equal integer0 to 88
sets local integer equal integer0 to 49
create integer equal integer0 to 41
creates integer equal integer0 to 21
define integer equal integer0 to 22
defines integer equal integer0 to 92
declare integer equal integer0 to 89
declares integer equal integer0 to 18
set integer equal integer0 to 50
sets integer equal integer0 to 29
create global integer equal integer1 to 66
creates global integer equal integer1 to 50
define global integer equal integer1 to 60
defines global integer equal integer1 to 60
declare global integer equal integer1 to 0
declares global integer equal integer1 to 82
set global integer equal integer1 to 46
sets global integer equal integer1 to 35
create local integer equal integer1 to 70
creates local integer equal integer1 to 43
define local integer equal integer1 to 47
defines local integer equal integer1 to 5
declare local integer equal integer1 to 72
declares local integer equal integer1 to 36
set local integer equal integer1 to 3
sets local integer equal integer1 to 56
create integer equal integer1 to 5
creates integer equal integer1 to 5
define integer equal integer1 to 0
defines integer equal integer1 to 61
declare integer equal integer1 to 17
declares integer equal integer1 to 15
set integer equal integer1 to 95
sets integer equal integer1 to 79
create global integer equal integer2 to 27
creates global integer equal integer2 to 18
define global integer equal integer2 to 4
defines global integer equal integer2 to 54
declare global integer equal integer2 to 42
declares global integer equal integer2 to 53
set global integer equal integer2 to 43
sets global integer equal integer2 to 8
create local integer equal integer2 to 42
creates local integer equal integer2 to 90
define local integer equal integer2 to 54
defines local integer equal integer2 to 11
declare local integer equal integer2 to 51
declares local integer equal integer2 to 85
set local integer equal integer2 to 46
sets local integer equal integer2 to 15
create integer equal integer2 to 27
creates integer equal integer2 to 3
define integer equal integer2 to 82
defines integer equal integer2 to 17
declare integer equal integer2 to 8
declares integer equal integer2 to 11
set integer equal integer2 to 67
sets integer equal integer2 to 59
create global integer equal i to 47
creates global integer equal i to 86
define global integer equal i to 55
defines global integer equal i to 20
declare global integer equal i to 65
declares global integer equal i to 38
set global integer equal i to 11
sets global integer equal i to 2
create local integer equal i to 62
creates local integer equal i to 93
define local integer equal i to 78
defines local integer equal i to 28
declare local integer equal i to 33
declares local integer equal i to 88
set local integer equal i to 12
sets local integer equal i to 95
create integer equal i to 18
creates integer equal i to 10
define integer equal i to 65
defines integer equal i to 83
declare integer equal i to 80
declares integer equal i to 70
set integer equal i to 77
sets integer equal i to 13
create global integer equal j to 8
creates global integer equal j to 62
define global integer equal j to 18
defines global integer equal j to 36
declare global integer equal j to 59
declares global integer equal j to 42
set global integer equal j to 72
sets global integer equal j to 81
create local integer equal j to 35
creates local integer equal j to 56
define local integer equal j to 55
defines local integer equal j to 84
declare local integer equal j to 0
declares local integer equal j to 37
set local integer equal j to 11
sets local integer equal j to 1
create integer equal j to 72
creates integer equal j to 50
define integer equal j to 42
defines integer equal j to 67
declare integer equal j to 17
declares integer equal j to 33
set integer equal j to 6
sets integer equal j to 75
create global integer equal k to 62
creates global integer equal k to 56
define global integer equal k to 65
defines global integer equal k to 93
declare global integer equal k to 53
declares global integer equal k to 38
set global integer equal k to 74
sets global integer equal k to 89
create local integer equal k to 100
creates local integer equal k to 89
define local integer equal k to 20
defines local integer equal k to 53
declare local integer equal k to 16
declares local integer equal k to 13
set local integer equal k to 18
sets local integer equal k to 43
create integer equal k to 83
creates integer equal k to 17
define integer equal k to 63
defines integer equal k to 7
declare integer equal k to 53
declares integer equal k to 1
set integer equal k to 71
sets integer equal k to 12
create global integer equal a to 57
creates global integer equal a to 30
define global integer equal a to 62
defines global integer equal a to 97
declare global integer equal a to 43
declares global integer equal a to 50
set global integer equal a to 26
sets global integer equal a to 98
create local integer equal a to 9
creates local integer equal a to 31
define local integer equal a to 41
defines local integer equal a to 5
declare local integer equal a to 6
declares local integer equal a to 20
set local integer equal a to 50
sets local integer equal a to 27
create integer equal a to 8
creates integer equal a to 27
define integer equal a to 99
defines integer equal a to 6
declare integer equal a to 32
declares integer equal a to 34
set integer equal a to 53
sets integer equal a to 60
create global integer equal b to 25
creates global integer equal b to 92
define global integer equal b to 60
defines global integer equal b to 82
declare global integer equal b to 52
declares global integer equal b to 64
set global integer equal b to 24
sets global integer equal b to 37
create local integer equal b to 19
creates local integer equal b to 89
define local integer equal b to 30
defines local integer equal b to 70
declare local integer equal b to 45
declares local integer equal b to 46
set local integer equal b to 62
sets local integer equal b to 34
create integer equal b to 26
creates integer equal b to 87
define integer equal b to 8
defines integer equal b to 31
declare integer equal b to 37
declares integer equal b to 4
set integer equal b to 75
sets integer equal b to 73
create global integer equal c to 67
creates global integer equal c to 6
define global integer equal c to 25
defines global integer equal c to 59
declare global integer equal c to 65
declares global integer equal c to 29
set global integer equal c to 1
sets global integer equal c to 53
create local integer equal c to 56
creates local integer equal c to 3
define local integer equal c to 70
defines local integer equal c to 2
declare local integer equal c to 49
declares local integer equal c to 28
set local integer equal c to 35
sets local integer equal c to 54
create integer equal c to 20
creates integer equal c to 0
define integer equal c to 11
defines integer equal c to 73
declare integer equal c to 16
declares integer equal c to 72
set integer equal c to 7
sets integer equal c to 99
create global integers equal integers0 to 76
creates global integers equal integers0 to 27
define global integers equal integers0 to 70
defines global integers equal integers0 to 98
declare global integers equal integers0 to 80
declares global integers equal integers0 to 74
set global integers equal integers0 to 76
sets global integers equal integers0 to 72
create local integers equal integers0 to 37
creates local integers equal integers0 to 45
define local integers equal integers0 to 24
defines local integers equal integers0 to 94
declare local integers equal integers0 to 57
declares local integers equal integers0 to 50
set local integers equal integers0 to 29
sets local integers equal integers0 to 41
create integers equal integers0 to 93
creates integers equal integers0 to 38
define integers equal integers0 to 23
defines integers equal integers0 to 84
declare integers equal integers0 to 29
declares integers equal integers0 to 43
set integers equal integers0 to 48
sets integers equal integers0 to 34
create global integers equal integers1 to 72
creates global integers equal integers1 to 14
define global integers equal integers1 to 90
defines global integers equal integers1 to 52
declare global integers equal integers1 to 70
declares global integers equal integers1 to 47
set global integers equal integers1 to 22
sets global integers equal integers1 to 1
create local integers equal integers1 to 37
creates local integers equal integers1 to 47
define local integers equal integers1 to 92
defines local integers equal integers1 to 22
declare local integers equal integers1 to 82
declares local integers equal integers1 to 63
set local integers equal integers1 to 100
sets local integers equal integers1 to 24
create integers equal integers1 to 26
creates integers equal integers1 to 25
define integers equal integers1 to 18
defines integers equal integers1 to 89
declare integers equal integers1 to 31
declares integers equal integers1 to 76
set integers equal integers1 to 75
sets integers equal integers1 to 59
create global integers equal integers2 to 69
creates global integers equal integers2 to 7
define global integers equal integers2 to 18
defines global integers equal integers2 to 74
declare global integers equal integers2 to 100
declares global integers equal integers2 to 86
set global integers equal integers2 to 1
sets global integers equal integers2 to 97
create local integers equal integers2 to 86
creates local integers equal integers2 to 44
define local integers equal integers2 to 81
defines local integers equal integers2 to 33
declare local integers equal integers2 to 63
declares local integers equal integers2 to 9
set local integers equal integers2 to 7
sets local integers equal integers2 to 42
create integers equal integers2 to 77
creates integers equal integers2 to 17
define integers equal integers2 to 13
defines integers equal integers2 to 37
declare integers equal integers2 to 63
declares integers equal integers2 to 3
set integers equal integers2 to 73
sets integers equal integers2 to 79
create global integers equal i to 68
creates global integers equal i to 88
define global integers equal i to 5
defines global integers equal i to 97
declare global integers equal i to 44
declares global integers equal i to 21
set global integers equal i to 89
sets global integers equal i to 92
create local integers equal i to 10
creates local integers equal i to 64
define local integers equal i to 66
defines local integers equal i to 63
declare local integers equal i to 46
declares local integers equal i to 50
set local integers equal i to 73
sets local integers equal i to 27
create integers equal i to 36
creates integers equal i to 10
define integers equal i to 18
defines integers equal i to 56
declare integers equal i to 11
declares integers equal i to 46
set integers equal i to 8
sets integers equal i to 97
create global integers equal j to 84
creates global integers equal j to 90
define global integers equal j to 58
defines global integers equal j to 1
declare global integers equal j to 8
declares global integers equal j to 74
set global integers equal j to 32
sets global integers equal j to 19
create local integers equal j to 48
creates local integers equal j to 50
define local integers equal j to 64
defines local integers equal j to 92
declare local integers equal j to 99
declares local integers equal j to 41
set local integers equal j to 74
sets local integers equal j to 4
create integers equal j to 55
creates integers equal j to 71
define integers equal j to 19
defines integers equal j to 13
declare integers equal j to 65
declares integers equal j to 32
set integers equal j to 71
sets integers equal j to 43
create global integers equal k to 95
creates global integers equal k to 29
define global integers equal k to 38
defines global integers equal k to 87
declare global integers equal k to 55
declares global integers equal k to 15
set global integers equal k to 24
sets global integers equal k to 91
create local integers equal k to 4
creates local integers equal k to 18
define local integers equal k to 68
defines local integers equal k to 66
declare local integers equal k to 99
declares local integers equal k to 95
set local integers equal k to 58
sets local integers equal k to 37
create integers equal k to 18
creates integers equal k to 21
define integers equal k to 8
defines integers equal k to 97
declare integers equal k to 96
declares integers equal k to 84
set integers equal k to 37
sets integers equal k to 64
create global integers equal a to 24
creates global integers equal a to 19
define global integers equal a to 25
defines global integers equal a to 67
declare global integers equal a to 85
declares global integers equal a to 98
set global integers equal a to 90
sets global integers equal a to 85
create local integers equal a to 66
creates local integers equal a to 94
define local integers equal a to 18
defines local integers equal a to 81
declare local integers equal a to 12
declares local integers equal a to 20
set local integers equal a to 90
sets local integers equal a to 47
create integers equal a to 59
creates integers equal a to 40
define integers equal a to 85
defines integers equal a to 62
declare integers equal a to 8
declares integers equal a to 48
set integers equal a to 77
sets integers equal a to 45
create global integers equal b to 80
creates global integers equal b to 100
define global integers equal b to 6
defines global integers equal b to 32
declare global integers equal b to 28
declares global integers equal b to 74
set global integers equal b to 100
sets global integers equal b to 49
create local integers equal b to 38
creates local integers equal b to 78
define local integers equal b to 8
defines local integers equal b to 50
declare local integers equal b to 81
declares local integers equal b to 25
set local integers equal b to 33
sets local integers equal b to 62
create integers equal b to 18
creates integers equal b to 31
define integers equal b to 69
defines integers equal b to 99
declare integers equal b to 33
declares integers equal b to 8
set integers equal b to 46
sets integers equal b to 31
create global integers equal c to 66
creates global integers equal c to 73
define global integers equal c to 92
defines global integers equal c to 10
declare global integers equal c to 94
declares global integers equal c to 28
set global integers equal c to 96
sets global integers equal c to 0
create local integers equal c to 35
creates local integers equal c to 72
define local integers equal c to 47
defines local integers equal c to 81
declare local integers equal c to 42
declares local integers equal c to 86
set local integers equal c to 97
sets local integers equal c to 95
create integers equal c to 85
creates integers equal c to 98
define integers equal c to 47
defines integers equal c to 46
declare integers equal c to 18
declares integers equal c to 26
set integers equal c to 72
sets integers equal c to 42
create global int equal int0 to 4
creates global int equal int0 to 48
define global int equal int0 to 60
defines global int equal int0 to 11
declare global int equal int0 to 85
declares global int equal int0 to 46
set global int equal int0 to 74
sets global int equal int0 to 30
create local int equal int0 to 26
creates local int equal int0 to 10
define local int equal int0 to 41
defines local int equal int0 to 26
declare local int equal int0 to 41
declares local int equal int0 to 16
set local int equal int0 to 80
sets local int equal int0 to 76
create int equal int0 to 86
creates int equal int0 to 35
define int equal int0 to 57
defines int equal int0 to 60
declare int equal int0 to 62
declares int equal int0 to 94
set int equal int0 to 87
sets int equal int0 to 19
create global int equal int1 to 34
creates global int equal int1 to 55
define global int equal int1 to 95
defines global int equal int1 to 17
declare global int equal int1 to 51
declares global int equal int1 to 36
set global int equal int1 to 58
sets global int equal int1 to 80
create local int equal int1 to 100
creates local int equal int1 to 3
define local int equal int1 to 2
defines local int equal int1 to 100
declare local int equal int1 to 50
declares local int equal int1 to 94
set local int equal int1 to 34
sets local int equal int1 to 45
create int equal int1 to 7
creates int equal int1 to 24
define int equal int1 to 94
defines int equal int1 to 42
declare int equal int1 to 93
declares int equal int1 to 81
set int equal int1 to 84
sets int equal int1 to 52
create global int equal int2 to 98
creates global int equal int2 to 30
define global int equal int2 to 87
defines global int equal int2 to 98
declare global int equal int2 to 8
declares global int equal int2 to 78
set global int equal int2 to 86
sets global int equal int2 to 20
create local int equal int2 to 1
creates local int equal int2 to 63
define local int equal int2 to 35
defines local int equal int2 to 26
declare local int equal int2 to 33
declares local int equal int2 to 41
set local int equal int2 to 99
sets local int equal int2 to 74
create int equal int2 to 12
creates int equal int2 to 42
define int equal int2 to 19
defines int equal int2 to 99
declare int equal int2 to 41
declares int equal int2 to 33
set int equal int2 to 67
sets int equal int2 to 7
create global int equal i to 43
creates global int equal i to 73
define global int equal i to 77
defines global int equal i to 85
declare global int equal i to 86
declares global int equal i to 96
set global int equal i to 14
sets global int equal i to 100
create local int equal i to 50
creates local int equal i to 64
define local int equal i to 35
defines local int equal i to 59
declare local int equal i to 17
declares local int equal i to 13
set local int equal i to 91
sets local int equal i to 96
create int equal i to 28
creates int equal i to 79
define int equal i to 1
defines int equal i to 10
declare int equal i to 96
declares int equal i to 97
set int equal i to 10
sets int equal i to 40
create global int equal j to 43
creates global int equal j to 7
define global int equal j to 65
defines global int equal j to 57
declare global int equal j to 73
declares global int equal j to 0
set global int equal j to 80
sets global int equal j to 30
create local int equal j to 27
creates local int equal j to 81
define local int equal j to 17
defines local int equal j to 66
declare local int equal j to 21
declares local int equal j to 79
set local int equal j to 0
sets local int equal j to 24
create int equal j to 35
creates int equal j to 35
define int equal j to 30
defines int equal j to 30
declare int equal j to 42
declares int equal j to 41
set int equal j to 7
sets int equal j to 73
create global int equal k to 66
creates global int equal k to 6
define global int equal k to 76
defines global int equal k to 98
declare global int equal k to 16
declares global int equal k to 63
set global int equal k to 75
sets global int equal k to 79
create local int equal k to 10
creates local int equal k to 47
define local int equal k to 51
defines local int equal k to 80
declare local int equal k to 35
declares local int equal k to 4
set local int equal k to 21
sets local int equal k to 31
create int equal k to 82
creates int equal k to 14
define int equal k to 64
defines int equal k to 60
declare int equal k to 69
declares int equal k to 39
set int equal k to 51
sets int equal k to 43
create global int equal a to 89
creates global int equal a to 10
define global int equal a to 86
defines global int equal a to 84
declare global int equal a to 14
declares global int equal a to 5
set global int equal a to 93
sets global int equal a to 39
create local int equal a to 41
creates local int equal a to 17
define local int equal a to 31
defines local int equal a to 71
declare local int equal a to 73
declares local int equal a to 88
set local int equal a to 41
sets local int equal a to 5
create int equal a to 36
creates int equal a to 74
define int equal a to 81
defines int equal a to 55
declare int equal a to 24
declares int equal a to 39
set int equal a to 44
sets int equal a to 27
create global int equal b to 72
creates global int equal b to 3
define global int equal b to 56
defines global int equal b to 31
declare global int equal b to 31
declares global int equal b to 9
set global int equal b to 1
sets global int equal b to 83
create local int equal b to 22
creates local int equal b to 100
define local int equal b to 62
defines local int equal b to 1
declare local int equal b to 10
declares local int equal b to 5
set local int equal b to 100
sets local int equal b to 35
create int equal b to 98
creates int equal b to 88
define int equal b to 46
defines int equal b to 57
declare int equal b to 15
declares int equal b to 71
set int equal b to 90
sets int equal b to 100
create global int equal c to 80
creates global int equal c to 22
define global int equal c to 71
defines global int equal c to 98
declare global int equal c to 30
declares global int equal c to 47
set global int equal c to 68
sets global int equal c to 24
create local int equal c to 39
creates local int equal c to 14
define local int equal c to 64
defines local int equal c to 49
declare local int equal c to 40
declares local int equal c to 76
set local int equal c to 33
sets local int equal c to 95
create int equal c to 52
creates int equal c to 86
define int equal c to 21
defines int equal c to 78
declare int equal c to 61
declares int equal c to 62
set int equal c to 26
sets int equal c to 57
create global ints equal ints0 to 64
creates global ints equal ints0 to 66
define global ints equal ints0 to 73
defines global ints equal ints0 to 52
declare global ints equal ints0 to 27
declares global ints equal ints0 to 75
set global ints equal ints0 to 14
sets global ints equal ints0 to 23
create local ints equal ints0 to 27
creates local ints equal ints0 to 9
define local ints equal ints0 to 17
defines local ints equal ints0 to 19
declare local ints equal ints0 to 4
declares local ints equal ints0 to 93
set local ints equal ints0 to 5
sets local ints equal ints0 to 42
create ints equal ints0 to 47
creates ints equal ints0 to 52
define ints equal ints0 to 85
defines ints equal ints0 to 12
declare ints equal ints0 to 0
declares ints equal ints0 to 81
set ints equal ints0 to 18
sets ints equal ints0 to 91
create global ints equal ints1 to 85
creates global ints equal ints1 to 34
define global ints equal ints1 to 56
defines global ints equal ints1 to 16
declare global ints equal ints1 to 3
declares global ints equal ints1 to 49
set global ints equal ints1 to 40
sets global ints equal ints1 to 28
create local ints equal ints1 to 23
creates local ints equal ints1 to 26
define local ints equal ints1 to 70
defines local ints equal ints1 to 100
declare local ints equal ints1 to 21
declares local ints equal ints1 to 96
set local ints equal ints1 to 11
sets local ints equal ints1 to 46
create ints equal ints1 to 44
creates ints equal ints1 to 61
define ints equal ints1 to 69
defines ints equal ints1 to 12
declare ints equal ints1 to 79
declares ints equal ints1 to 65
set ints equal ints1 to 4
sets ints equal ints1 to 71
create global ints equal ints2 to 8
creates global ints equal ints2 to 91
define global ints equal ints2 to 3
defines global ints equal ints2 to 15
declare global ints equal ints2 to 28
declares global ints equal ints2 to 36
set global ints equal ints2 to 14
sets global ints equal ints2 to 21
create local ints equal ints2 to 10
creates local ints equal ints2 to 22
define local ints equal ints2 to 12
defines local ints equal ints2 to 74
declare local ints equal ints2 to 50
declares local ints equal ints2 to 54
set local ints equal ints2 to 42
sets local ints equal ints2 to 57
create ints equal ints2 to 23
creates ints equal ints2 to 100
define ints equal ints2 to 97
defines ints equal ints2 to 45
declare ints equal ints2 to 84
declares ints equal ints2 to 94
set ints equal ints2 to 34
sets ints equal ints2 to 86
create global ints equal i to 58
creates global ints equal i to 53
define global ints equal i to 37
defines global ints equal i to 23
declare global ints equal i to 94
declares global ints equal i to 84
set global ints equal i to 32
sets global ints equal i to 91
create local ints equal i to 39
creates local ints equal i to 13
define local ints equal i to 88
defines local ints equal i to 97
declare local ints equal i to 85
declares local ints equal i to 36
set local ints equal i to 47
sets local ints equal i to 19
create ints equal i to 96
creates ints equal i to 16
define ints equal i to 19
defines ints equal i to 72
declare ints equal i to 96
declares ints equal i to 81
set ints equal i to 15
sets ints equal i to 19
create global ints equal j to 77
creates global ints equal j to 24
define global ints equal j to 74
defines global ints equal j to 99
declare global ints equal j to 68
declares global ints equal j to 33
set global ints equal j to 20
sets global ints equal j to 50
create local ints equal j to 87
creates local ints equal j to 5
define local ints equal j to 3
defines local ints equal j to 59
declare local ints equal j to 16
declares local ints equal j to 95
set local ints equal j to 24
sets local ints equal j to 78
create ints equal j to 77
creates ints equal j to 11
define ints equal j to 65
defines ints equal j to 20
declare ints equal j to 12
declares ints equal j to 62
set ints equal j to 25
sets ints equal j to 33
create global ints equal k to 20
creates global ints equal k to 39
define global ints equal k to 35
defines global ints equal k to 0
declare global ints equal k to 6
declares global ints equal k to 74
set global ints equal k to 30
sets global ints equal k to 5
create local ints equal k to 53
creates local ints equal k to 96
define local ints equal k to 39
defines local ints equal k to 1
declare local ints equal k to 10
declares local ints equal k to 48
set local ints equal k to 93
sets local ints equal k to 65
create ints equal k to 26
creates ints equal k to 75
define ints equal k to 52
defines ints equal k to 74
declare ints equal k to 53
declares ints equal k to 89
set ints equal k to 7
sets ints equal k to 22
create global ints equal a to 24
creates global ints equal a to 89
define global ints equal a to 85
defines global ints equal a to 86
declare global ints equal a to 9
declares global ints equal a to 71
set global ints equal a to 37
sets global ints equal a to 61
create local ints equal a to 1
creates local ints equal a to 13
define local ints equal a to 5
defines local ints equal a to 17
declare local ints equal a to 33
declares local ints equal a to 7
set local ints equal a to 71
sets local ints equal a to 97
create ints equal a to 33
creates ints equal a to 56
define ints equal a to 36
defines ints equal a to 25
declare ints equal a to 52
declares ints equal a to 93
set ints equal a to 28
sets ints equal a to 78
create global ints equal b to 7
creates global ints equal b to 36
define global ints equal b to 98
defines global ints equal b to 85
declare global ints equal b to 96
declares global ints equal b to 42
set global ints equal b to 46
sets global ints equal b to 100
create local ints equal b to 46
creates local ints equal b to 2
define local ints equal b to 13
defines local ints equal b to 47
declare local ints equal b to 44
declares local ints equal b to 28
set local ints equal b to 86
sets local ints equal b to 33
create ints equal b to 43
creates ints equal b to 73
define ints equal b to 91
defines ints equal b to 49
declare ints equal b to 7
declares ints equal b to 30
set ints equal b to 85
sets ints equal b to 7
create global ints equal c to 88
creates global ints equal c to 76
define global ints equal c to 62
defines global ints equal c to 59
declare global ints equal c to 74
declares global ints equal c to 10
set global ints equal c to 22
sets global ints equal c to 20
create local ints equal c to 76
creates local ints equal c to 12
define local ints equal c to 62
defines local ints equal c to 51
declare local ints equal c to 75
declares local ints equal c to 86
set local ints equal c to 10
sets local ints equal c to 71
create ints equal c to 46
creates ints equal c to 75
define ints equal c to 28
defines ints equal c to 8
declare ints equal c to 53
declares ints equal c to 12
set ints equal c to 97
sets ints equal c to 60
create global float equal float0 to 22
creates global float equal float0 to 70
define global float equal float0 to 99
defines global float equal float0 to 100
declare global float equal float0 to 72
declares global float equal float0 to 22
set global float equal float0 to 63
sets global float equal float0 to 24
create local float equal float0 to 14
creates local float equal float0 to 77
define local float equal float0 to 56
defines local float equal float0 to 12
declare local float equal float0 to 95
declares local float equal float0 to 10
set local float equal float0 to 53
sets local float equal float0 to 21
create float equal float0 to 26
creates float equal float0 to 52
define float equal float0 to 41
defines float equal float0 to 2
declare float equal float0 to 53
declares float equal float0 to 2
set float equal float0 to 53
sets float equal float0 to 99
create global float equal float1 to 16
creates global float equal float1 to 40
define global float equal float1 to 11
defines global float equal float1 to 21
declare global float equal float1 to 29
declares global float equal float1 to 87
set global float equal float1 to 18
sets global float equal float1 to 73
create local float equal float1 to 36
creates local float equal float1 to 35
define local float equal float1 to 4
defines local float equal float1 to 63
declare local float equal float1 to 70
declares local float equal float1 to 70
set local float equal float1 to 41
sets local float equal float1 to 45
create float equal float1 to 24
creates float equal float1 to 79
define float equal float1 to 90
defines float equal float1 to 71
declare float equal float1 to 93
declares float equal float1 to 68
set float equal float1 to 70
sets float equal float1 to 4
create global float equal float2 to 29
creates global float equal float2 to 25
define global float equal float2 to 94
defines global float equal float2 to 63
declare global float equal float2 to 87
declares global float equal float2 to 14
set global float equal float2 to 50
sets global float equal float2 to 9
create local float equal float2 to 33
creates local float equal float2 to 7
define local float equal float2 to 73
defines local float equal float2 to 82
declare local float equal float2 to 11
declares local float equal float2 to 17
set local float equal float2 to 85
sets local float equal float2 to 60
create float equal float2 to 88
creates float equal float2 to 95
define float equal float2 to 34
defines float equal float2 to 91
declare float equal float2 to 46
declares float equal float2 to 97
set float equal float2 to 34
sets float equal float2 to 73
create global float equal i to 13
creates global float equal i to 89
define global float equal i to 14
defines global float equal i to 92
declare global float equal i to 7
declares global float equal i to 1
set global float equal i to 5
sets global float equal i to 66
create local float equal i to 7
creates local float equal i to 2
define local float equal i to 38
defines local float equal i to 5
declare local float equal i to 34
declares local float equal i to 85
set local float equal i to 32
sets local float equal i to 69
create float equal i to 70
creates float equal i to 16
define float equal i to 3
defines float equal i to 84
declare float equal i to 60
declares float equal i to 36
set float equal i to 62
sets float equal i to 23
create global float equal j to 17
creates global float equal j to 68
define global float equal j to 58
defines global float equal j to 15
declare global float equal j to 35
declares global float equal j to 3
set global float equal j to 17
sets global float equal j to 83
create local float equal j to 18
creates local float equal j to 87
define local float equal j to 23
defines local float equal j to 100
declare local float equal j to 70
declares local float equal j to 49
set local float equal j to 10
sets local float equal j to 95
create float equal j to 19
creates float equal j to 67
define float equal j to 16
defines float equal j to 95
declare float equal j to 46
declares float equal j to 21
set float equal j to 74
sets float equal j to 61
create global float equal k to 45
creates global float equal k to 21
define global float equal k to 11
defines global float equal k to 49
declare global float equal k to 6
declares global float equal k to 76
set global float equal k to 34
sets global float equal k to 98
create local float equal k to 18
creates local float equal k to 97
define local float equal k to 29
defines local float equal k to 26
declare local float equal k to 20
declares local float equal k to 0
set local float equal k to 13
sets local float equal k to 42
create float equal k to 68
creates float equal k to 34
define float equal k to 73
defines float equal k to 9
declare float equal k to 50
declares float equal k to 69
set float equal k to 43
sets float equal k to 99
create global float equal a to 91
creates global float equal a to 9
define global float equal a to 33
defines global float equal a to 74
declare global float equal a to 38
declares global float equal a to 99
set global float equal a to 43
sets global float equal a to 23
create local float equal a to 98
creates local float equal a to 87
define local float equal a to 24
defines local float equal a to 31
declare local float equal a to 93
declares local float equal a to 26
set local float equal a to 46
sets local float equal a to 48
create float equal a to 36
creates float equal a to 65
define float equal a to 62
defines float equal a to 64
declare float equal a to 82
declares float equal a to 84
set float equal a to 0
sets float equal a to 25
create global float equal b to 82
creates global float equal b to 65
define global float equal b to 71
defines global float equal b to 54
declare global float equal b to 92
declares global float equal b to 65
set global float equal b to 42
sets global float equal b to 51
create local float equal b to 8
creates local float equal b to 82
define local float equal b to 33
defines local float equal b to 34
declare local float equal b to 88
declares local float equal b to 99
set local float equal b to 30
sets local float equal b to 68
create float equal b to 13
creates float equal b to 63
define float equal b to 68
defines float equal b to 55
declare float equal b to 8
declares float equal b to 83
set float equal b to 84
sets float equal b to 94
create global float equal c to 78
creates global float equal c to 36
define global float equal c to 21
defines global float equal c to 59
declare global float equal c to 42
declares global float equal c to 38
set global float equal c to 67
sets global float equal c to 4
create local float equal c to 9
creates local float equal c to 87
define local float equal c to 73
defines local float equal c to 46
declare local float equal c to 64
declares local float equal c to 32
set local float equal c to 23
sets local float equal c to 29
create float equal c to 39
creates float equal c to 18
define float equal c to 25
defines float equal c to 34
declare float equal c to 41
declares float equal c to 58
set float equal c to 85
sets float equal c to 30
create global floats equal floats0 to 33
creates global floats equal floats0 to 27
define global floats equal floats0 to 42
defines global floats equal floats0 to 58
declare global floats equal floats0 to 16
declares global floats equal floats0 to 73
set global floats equal floats0 to 80
sets global floats equal floats0 to 21
create local floats equal floats0 to 87
creates local floats equal floats0 to 59
define local floats equal floats0 to 78
defines local floats equal floats0 to 15
declare local floats equal floats0 to 95
declares local floats equal floats0 to 85
set local floats equal floats0 to 79
sets local floats equal floats0 to 45
create floats equal floats0 to 60
creates floats equal floats0 to 28
define floats equal floats0 to 58
defines floats equal floats0 to 8
declare floats equal floats0 to 15
declares floats equal floats0 to 18
set floats equal floats0 to 36
sets floats equal floats0 to 78
create global floats equal floats1 to 23
creates global floats equal floats1 to 56
define global floats equal floats1 to 14
defines global floats equal floats1 to 35
declare global floats equal floats1 to 12
declares global floats equal floats1 to 100
set global floats equal floats1 to 9
sets global floats equal floats1 to 87
create local floats equal floats1 to 4
creates local floats equal floats1 to 30
define local floats equal floats1 to 2
defines local floats equal floats1 to 45
declare local floats equal floats1 to 18
declares local floats equal floats1 to 73
set local floats equal floats1 to 35
sets local floats equal floats1 to 58
create floats equal floats1 to 4
creates floats equal floats1 to 21
define floats equal floats1 to 49
defines floats equal floats1 to 7
declare floats equal floats1 to 49
declares floats equal floats1 to 100
set floats equal floats1 to 51
sets floats equal floats1 to 98
create global floats equal floats2 to 12
creates global floats equal floats2 to 50
define global floats equal floats2 to 77
defines global floats equal floats2 to 80
declare global floats equal floats2 to 9
declares global floats equal floats2 to 82
set global floats equal floats2 to 24
sets global floats equal floats2 to 59
create local floats equal floats2 to 16
creates local floats equal floats2 to 65
define local floats equal floats2 to 67
defines local floats equal floats2 to 17
declare local floats equal floats2 to 27
declares local floats equal floats2 to 54
set local floats equal floats2 to 96
sets local floats equal floats2 to 42
create floats equal floats2 to 46
creates floats equal floats2 to 8
define floats equal floats2 to 8
defines floats equal floats2 to 65
declare floats equal floats2 to 84
declares floats equal floats2 to 29
set floats equal floats2 to 72
sets floats equal floats2 to 75
create global floats equal i to 60
creates global floats equal i to 83
define global floats equal i to 28
defines global floats equal i to 13
declare global floats equal i to 95
declares global floats equal i to 72
set global floats equal i to 83
sets global floats equal i to 72
create local floats equal i to 55
creates local floats equal i to 50
define local floats equal i to 79
defines local floats equal i to 1
declare local floats equal i to 8
declares local floats equal i to 39
set local floats equal i to 21
sets local floats equal i to 11
create floats equal i to 54
creates floats equal i to 84
define floats equal i to 88
defines floats equal i to 71
declare floats equal i to 78
declares floats equal i to 39
set floats equal i to 24
sets floats equal i to 50
create global floats equal j to 74
creates global floats equal j to 45
define global floats equal j to 6
defines global floats equal j to 20
declare global floats equal j to 87
declares global floats equal j to 10
set global floats equal j to 81
sets global floats equal j to 10
create local floats equal j to 89
creates local floats equal j to 18
define local floats equal j to 0
defines local floats equal j to 10
declare local floats equal j to 42
declares local floats equal j to 3
set local floats equal j to 34
sets local floats equal j to 71
create floats equal j to 100
creates floats equal j to 99
define floats equal j to 33
defines floats equal j to 20
declare floats equal j to 73
declares floats equal j to 69
set floats equal j to 41
sets floats equal j to 21
create global floats equal k to 67
creates global floats equal k to 95
define global floats equal k to 98
defines global floats equal k to 91
declare global floats equal k to 71
declares global floats equal k to 69
set global floats equal k to 45
sets global floats equal k to 31
create local floats equal k to 80
creates local floats equal k to 4
define local floats equal k to 22
defines local floats equal k to 62
declare local floats equal k to 61
declares local floats equal k to 54
set local floats equal k to 22
sets local floats equal k to 54
create floats equal k to 75
creates floats equal k to 87
define floats equal k to 63
defines floats equal k to 70
declare floats equal k to 27
declares floats equal k to 84
set floats equal k to 26
sets floats equal k to 76
create global floats equal a to 79
creates global floats equal a to 47
define global floats equal a to 92
defines global floats equal a to 32
declare global floats equal a to 78
declares global floats equal a to 80
set global floats equal a to 9
sets global floats equal a to 4
create local floats equal a to 74
creates local floats equal a to 39
define local floats equal a to 18
defines local floats equal a to 67
declare local floats equal a to 77
declares local floats equal a to 23
set local floats equal a to 83
sets local floats equal a to 26
create floats equal a to 3
creates floats equal a to 4
define floats equal a to 56
defines floats equal a to 97
declare floats equal a to 87
declares floats equal a to 67
set floats equal a to 70
sets floats equal a to 48
create global floats equal b to 43
creates global floats equal b to 32
define global floats equal b to 11
defines global floats equal b to 23
declare global floats equal b to 43
declares global floats equal b to 8
set global floats equal b to 55
sets global floats equal b to 94
create local floats equal b to 82
creates local floats equal b to 46
define local floats equal b to 2
defines local floats equal b to 79
declare local floats equal b to 73
declares local floats equal b to 4
set local floats equal b to 53
sets local floats equal b to 28
create floats equal b to 2
creates floats equal b to 77
define floats equal b to 16
defines floats equal b to 60
declare floats equal b to 34
declares floats equal b to 37
set floats equal b to 84
sets floats equal b to 100
create global floats equal c to 91
creates global floats equal c to 81
define global floats equal c to 32
defines global floats equal c to 26
declare global floats equal c to 72
declares global floats equal c to 72
set global floats equal c to 56
sets global floats equal c to 26
create local floats equal c to 63
creates local floats equal c to 79
define local floats equal c to 9
defines local floats equal c to 59
declare local floats equal c to 28
declares local floats equal c to 35
set local floats equal c to 11
sets local floats equal c to 56
create floats equal c to 25
creates floats equal c to 75
define floats equal c to 23
defines floats equal c to 22
declare floats equal c to 94
declares floats equal c to 24
set floats equal c to 30
sets floats equal c to 74
create global number equal number0 to 63
creates global number equal number0 to 60
define global number equal number0 to 90
defines global number equal number0 to 81
declare global number equal number0 to 92
declares global number equal number0 to 2
set global number equal number0 to 45
sets global number equal number0 to 13
create local number equal number0 to 76
creates local number equal number0 to 38
define local number equal number0 to 59
defines local number equal number0 to 22
declare local number equal number0 to 98
declares local number equal number0 to 71
set local number equal number0 to 25
sets local number equal number0 to 52
create number equal number0 to 25
creates number equal number0 to 97
define number equal number0 to 73
defines number equal number0 to 17
declare number equal number0 to 81
declares number equal number0 to 2
set number equal number0 to 63
sets number equal number0 to 85
create global number equal number1 to 68
creates global number equal number1 to 50
define global number equal number1 to 92
defines global number equal number1 to 61
declare global number equal number1 to 90
declares global number equal number1 to 47
set global number equal number1 to 33
sets global number equal number1 to 84
create local number equal number1 to 10
creates local number equal number1 to 93
define local number equal number1 to 68
defines local number equal number1 to 70
declare local number equal number1 to 69
declares local number equal number1 to 92
set local number equal number1 to 55
sets local number equal number1 to 25
create number equal number1 to 12
creates number equal number1 to 15
define number equal number1 to 87
defines number equal number1 to 65
declare number equal number1 to 21
declares number equal number1 to 62
set number equal number1 to 22
sets number equal number1 to 95
create global number equal number2 to 51
creates global number equal number2 to 7
define global number equal number2 to 80
defines global number equal number2 to 38
declare global number equal number2 to 58
declares global number equal number2 to 4
set global number equal number2 to 82
sets global number equal number2 to 96
create local number equal number2 to 10
creates local number equal number2 to 10
define local number equal number2 to 66
defines local number equal number2 to 29
declare local number equal number2 to 85
declares local number equal number2 to 9
set local number equal number2 to 91
sets local number equal number2 to 83
create number equal number2 to 59
creates number equal number2 to 6
define number equal number2 to 28
defines number equal number2 to 96
declare number equal number2 to 62
declares number equal number2 to 16
set number equal number2 to 95
sets number equal number2 to 43
create global number equal i to 58
creates global number equal i to 64
define global number equal i to 42
defines global number equal i to 38
declare global number equal i to 83
declares global number equal i to 43
set global number equal i to 12
sets global number equal i to 77
create local number equal i to 87
creates local number equal i to 30
define local number equal i to 25
defines local number equal i to 61
declare local number equal i to 66
declares local number equal i to 85
set local number equal i to 59
sets local number equal i to 45
create number equal i to 68
creates number equal i to 84
define number equal i to 70
defines number equal i to 26
declare number equal i to 82
declares number equal i to 92
set number equal i to 48
sets number equal i to 29
create global number equal j to 54
creates global number equal j to 42
define global number equal j to 43
defines global number equal j to 100
declare global number equal j to 43
declares global number equal j to 91
set global number equal j to 87
sets global number equal j to 7
create local number equal j to 59
creates local number equal j to 1
define local number equal j to 71
defines local number equal j to 42
declare local number equal j to 37
declares local number equal j to 49
set local number equal j to 99
sets local number equal j to 89
create number equal j to 72
creates number equal j to 12
define number equal j to 82
defines number equal j to 0
declare number equal j to 80
declares number equal j to 11
set number equal j to 48
sets number equal j to 57
create global number equal k to 74
creates global number equal k to 91
define global number equal k to 29
defines global number equal k to 46
declare global number equal k to 75
declares global number equal k to 5
set global number equal k to 66
sets global number equal k to 83
create local number equal k to 8
creates local number equal k to 5
define local number equal k to 79
defines local number equal k to 3
declare local number equal k to 46
declares local number equal k to 96
set local number equal k to 91
sets local number equal k to 37
create number equal k to 83
creates number equal k to 0
define number equal k to 89
defines number equal k to 17
declare number equal k to 49
declares number equal k to 44
set number equal k to 11
sets number equal k to 7
create global number equal a to 92
creates global number equal a to 13
define global number equal a to 2
defines global number equal a to 47
declare global number equal a to 15
declares global number equal a to 25
set global number equal a to 76
sets global number equal a to 57
create local number equal a to 15
creates local number equal a to 64
define local number equal a to 15
defines local number equal a to 15
declare local number equal a to 92
declares local number equal a to 95
set local number equal a to 42
sets local number equal a to 26
create number equal a to 69
creates number equal a to 85
define number equal a to 68
defines number equal a to 1
declare number equal a to 25
declares number equal a to 50
set number equal a to 85
sets number equal a to 14
create global number equal b to 41
creates global number equal b to 33
define global number equal b to 56
defines global number equal b to 6
declare global number equal b to 29
declares global number equal b to 83
set global number equal b to 96
sets global number equal b to 84
create local number equal b to 76
creates local number equal b to 25
define local number equal b to 59
defines local number equal b to 46
declare local number equal b to 52
declares local number equal b to 10
set local number equal b to 81
sets local number equal b to 7
create number equal b to 14
creates number equal b to 49
define number equal b to 12
defines number equal b to 35
declare number equal b to 17
declares number equal b to 91
set number equal b to 60
sets number equal b to 29
create global number equal c to 82
creates global number equal c to 36
define global number equal c to 87
defines global number equal c to 13
declare global number equal c to 46
declares global number equal c to 34
set global number equal c to 59
sets global number equal c to 83
create local number equal c to 79
creates local number equal c to 69
define local number equal c to 46
defines local number equal c to 81
declare local number equal c to 49
declares local number equal c to 3
set local number equal c to 2
sets local number equal c to 41
create number equal c to 21
creates number equal c to 43
define number equal c to 7
defines number equal c to 87
declare number equal c to 69
declares number equal c to 46
set number equal c to 28
sets number equal c to 72
create global numbers equal numbers0 to 17
creates global numbers equal numbers0 to 0
define global numbers equal numbers0 to 48
defines global numbers equal numbers0 to 21
declare global numbers equal numbers0 to 67
declares global numbers equal numbers0 to 82
set global numbers equal numbers0 to 65
sets global numbers equal numbers0 to 0
create local numbers equal numbers0 to 81
creates local numbers equal numbers0 to 27
define local numbers equal numbers0 to 90
defines local numbers equal numbers0 to 65
declare local numbers equal numbers0 to 18
declares local numbers equal numbers0 to 79
set local numbers equal numbers0 to 53
sets local numbers equal numbers0 to 87
create numbers equal numbers0 to 12
creates numbers equal numbers0 to 67
define numbers equal numbers0 to 39
defines numbers equal numbers0 to 35
declare numbers equal numbers0 to 71
declares numbers equal numbers0 to 58
set numbers equal numbers0 to 71
sets numbers equal numbers0 to 28
create global numbers equal numbers1 to 60
creates global numbers equal numbers1 to 87
define global numbers equal numbers1 to 61
defines global numbers equal numbers1 to 94
declare global numbers equal numbers1 to 20
declares global numbers equal numbers1 to 69
set global numbers equal numbers1 to 0
sets global numbers equal numbers1 to 99
create local numbers equal numbers1 to 37
creates local numbers equal numbers1 to 55
define local numbers equal numbers1 to 51
defines local numbers equal numbers1 to 80
declare local numbers equal numbers1 to 4
declares local numbers equal numbers1 to 22
set local numbers equal numbers1 to 5
sets local numbers equal numbers1 to 73
create numbers equal numbers1 to 10
creates numbers equal numbers1 to 39
define numbers equal numbers1 to 36
defines numbers equal numbers1 to 48
declare numbers equal numbers1 to 9
declares numbers equal numbers1 to 30
set numbers equal numbers1 to 46
sets numbers equal numbers1 to 70
create global numbers equal numbers2 to 51
creates global numbers equal numbers2 to 37
define global numbers equal numbers2 to 60
defines global numbers equal numbers2 to 53
declare global numbers equal numbers2 to 88
declares global numbers equal numbers2 to 82
set global numbers equal numbers2 to 39
sets global numbers equal numbers2 to 72
create local numbers equal numbers2 to 72
creates local numbers equal numbers2 to 23
define local numbers equal numbers2 to 57
defines local numbers equal numbers2 to 78
declare local numbers equal numbers2 to 11
declares local numbers equal numbers2 to 32
set local numbers equal numbers2 to 100
sets local numbers equal numbers2 to 63
create numbers equal numbers2 to 14
creates numbers equal numbers2 to 43
define numbers equal numbers2 to 95
defines numbers equal numbers2 to 69
declare numbers equal numbers2 to 7
declares numbers equal numbers2 to 1
set numbers equal numbers2 to 86
sets numbers equal numbers2 to 76
create global numbers equal i to 57
creates global numbers equal i to 47
define global numbers equal i to 4
defines global numbers equal i to 78
declare global numbers equal i to 87
declares global numbers equal i to 100
set global numbers equal i to 2
sets global numbers equal i to 81
create local numbers equal i to 62
creates local numbers equal i to 86
define local numbers equal i to 20
defines local numbers equal i to 36
declare local numbers equal i to 99
declares local numbers equal i to 70
set local numbers equal i to 3
sets local numbers equal i to 5
create numbers equal i to 39
creates numbers equal i to 12
define numbers equal i to 37
defines numbers equal i to 94
declare numbers equal i to 97
declares numbers equal i to 87
set numbers equal i to 55
sets numbers equal i to 71
create global numbers equal j to 96
creates global numbers equal j to 32
define global numbers equal j to 30
defines global numbers equal j to 22
declare global numbers equal j to 27
declares global numbers equal j to 90
set global numbers equal j to 44
sets global numbers equal j to 52
create local numbers equal j to 51
creates local numbers equal j to 36
define local numbers equal j to 11
defines local numbers equal j to 38
declare local numbers equal j to 46
declares local numbers equal j to 97
set local numbers equal j to 57
sets local numbers equal j to 30
create numbers equal j to 29
creates numbers equal j to 23
define numbers equal j to 30
defines numbers equal j to 83
declare numbers equal j to 29
declares numbers equal j to 93
set numbers equal j to 9
sets numbers equal j to 3
create global numbers equal k to 26
creates global numbers equal k to 93
define global numbers equal k to 48
defines global numbers equal k to 6
declare global numbers equal k to 3
declares global numbers equal k to 35
set global numbers equal k to 17
sets global numbers equal k to 67
create local numbers equal k to 74
creates local numbers equal k to 54
define local numbers equal k to 69
defines local numbers equal k to 46
declare local numbers equal k to 58
declares local numbers equal k to 11
set local numbers equal k to 70
sets local numbers equal k to 26
create numbers equal k to 95
creates numbers equal k to 26
define numbers equal k to 59
defines numbers equal k to 49
declare numbers equal k to 73
declares numbers equal k to 82
set numbers equal k to 0
sets numbers equal k to 47
create global numbers equal a to 61
creates global numbers equal a to 71
define global numbers equal a to 74
defines global numbers equal a to 50
declare global numbers equal a to 70
declares global numbers equal a to 99
set global numbers equal a to 82
sets global numbers equal a to 32
create local numbers equal a to 27
creates local numbers equal a to 53
define local numbers equal a to 73
defines local numbers equal a to 10
declare local numbers equal a to 47
declares local numbers equal a to 38
set local numbers equal a to 71
sets local numbers equal a to 85
create numbers equal a to 30
creates numbers equal a to 72
define numbers equal a to 14
defines numbers equal a to 67
declare numbers equal a to 14
declares numbers equal a to 92
set numbers equal a to 91
sets numbers equal a to 62
create global numbers equal b to 28
creates global numbers equal b to 77
define global numbers equal b to 36
defines global numbers equal b to 4
declare global numbers equal b to 89
declares global numbers equal b to 62
set global numbers equal b to 52
sets global numbers equal b to 95
create local numbers equal b to 2
creates local numbers equal b to 38
define local numbers equal b to 81
defines local numbers equal b to 94
declare local numbers equal b to 12
declares local numbers equal b to 25
set local numbers equal b to 5
sets local numbers equal b to 30
create numbers equal b to 96
creates numbers equal b to 62
define numbers equal b to 100
defines numbers equal b to 41
declare numbers equal b to 36
declares numbers equal b to 36
set numbers equal b to 94
sets numbers equal b to 87
create global numbers equal c to 63
creates global numbers equal c to 63
define global numbers equal c to 71
defines global numbers equal c to 29
declare global numbers equal c to 75
declares global numbers equal c to 62
set global numbers equal c to 56
sets global numbers equal c to 42
create local numbers equal c to 4
creates local numbers equal c to 48
define local numbers equal c to 25
defines local numbers equal c to 90
declare local numbers equal c to 12
declares local numbers equal c to 13
set local numbers equal c to 43
sets local numbers equal c to 22
create numbers equal c to 78
creates numbers equal c to 68
define numbers equal c to 100
defines numbers equal c to 69
declare numbers equal c to 50
declares numbers equal c to 65
set numbers equal c to 31
sets numbers equal c to 54
create global num equal num0 to 26
creates global num equal num0 to 78
define global num equal num0 to 97
defines global num equal num0 to 81
declare global num equal num0 to 28
declares global num equal num0 to 0
set global num equal num0 to 7
sets global num equal num0 to 24
create local num equal num0 to 92
creates local num equal num0 to 56
define local num equal num0 to 54
defines local num equal num0 to 96
declare local num equal num0 to 89
declares local num equal num0 to 56
set local num equal num0 to 6
sets local num equal num0 to 20
create num equal num0 to 61
creates num equal num0 to 24
define num equal num0 to 56
defines num equal num0 to 82
declare num equal num0 to 17
declares num equal num0 to 14
set num equal num0 to 52
sets num equal num0 to 56
create global num equal num1 to 12
creates global num equal num1 to 74
define global num equal num1 to 51
defines global num equal num1 to 12
declare global num equal num1 to 4
declares global num equal num1 to 0
set global num equal num1 to 36
sets global num equal num1 to 98
create local num equal num1 to 45
creates local num equal num1 to 74
define local num equal num1 to 31
defines local num equal num1 to 86
declare local num equal num1 to 44
declares local num equal num1 to 25
set local num equal num1 to 44
sets local num equal num1 to 89
create num equal num1 to 83
creates num equal num1 to 37
define num equal num1 to 18
defines num equal num1 to 22
declare num equal num1 to 100
declares num equal num1 to 47
set num equal num1 to 22
sets num equal num1 to 71
create global num equal num2 to 63
creates global num equal num2 to 21
define global num equal num2 to 10
defines global num equal num2 to 22
declare global num equal num2 to 68
declares global num equal num2 to 62
set global num equal num2 to 45
sets global num equal num2 to 20
create local num equal num2 to 25
creates local num equal num2 to 61
define local num equal num2 to 43
defines local num equal num2 to 38
declare local num equal num2 to 51
declares local num equal num2 to 20
set local num equal num2 to 24
sets local num equal num2 to 100
create num equal num2 to 83
creates num equal num2 to 57
define num equal num2 to 37
defines num equal num2 to 90
declare num equal num2 to 77
declares num equal num2 to 71
set num equal num2 to 91
sets num equal num2 to 1
create global num equal i to 33
creates global num equal i to 33
define global num equal i to 14
defines global num equal i to 66
declare global num equal i to 19
declares global num equal i to 22
set global num equal i to 12
sets global num equal i to 63
create local num equal i to 37
creates local num equal i to 99
define local num equal i to 28
defines local num equal i to 39
declare local num equal i to 32
declares local num equal i to 12
set local num equal i to 11
sets local num equal i to 27
create num equal i to 36
creates num equal i to 38
define num equal i to 74
defines num equal i to 83
declare num equal i to 25
declares num equal i to 84
set num equal i to 59
sets num equal i to 97
create global num equal j to 23
creates global num equal j to 87
define global num equal j to 74
defines global num equal j to 72
declare global num equal j to 58
declares global num equal j to 95
set global num equal j to 65
sets global num equal j to 64
create local num equal j to 31
creates local num equal j to 49
define local num equal j to 90
defines local num equal j to 41
declare local num equal j to 0
declares local num equal j to 39
set local num equal j to 5
sets local num equal j to 90
create num equal j to 98
creates num equal j to 86
define num equal j to 13
defines num equal j to 71
declare num equal j to 30
declares num equal j to 22
set num equal j to 81
sets num equal j to 62
create global num equal k to 40
creates global num equal k to 32
define global num equal k to 45
defines global num equal k to 43
declare global num equal k to 70
declares global num equal k to 87
set global num equal k to 78
sets global num equal k to 30
create local num equal k to 92
creates local num equal k to 97
define local num equal k to 32
defines local num equal k to 14
declare local num equal k to 80
declares local num equal k to 61
set local num equal k to 74
sets local num equal k to 98
create num equal k to 0
creates num equal k to 29
define num equal k to 8
defines num equal k to 41
declare num equal k to 96
declares num equal k to 8
set num equal k to 88
sets num equal k to 90
create global num equal a to 50
creates global num equal a to 81
define global num equal a to 27
defines global num equal a to 51
declare global num equal a to 19
declares global num equal a to 77
set global num equal a to 14
sets global num equal a to 19
create local num equal a to 27
creates local num equal a to 44
define local num equal a to 40
defines local num equal a to 71
declare local num equal a to 66
declares local num equal a to 39
set local num equal a to 31
sets local num equal a to 29
create num equal a to 91
creates num equal a to 39
define num equal a to 58
defines num equal a to 97
declare num equal a to 87
declares num equal a to 39
set num equal a to 14
sets num equal a to 51
create global num equal b to 91
creates global num equal b to 95
define global num equal b to 2
defines global num equal b to 58
declare global num equal b to 45
declares global num equal b to 7
set global num equal b to 20
sets global num equal b to 13
create local num equal b to 83
creates local num equal b to 59
define local num equal b to 15
defines local num equal b to 48
declare local num equal b to 31
declares local num equal b to 19
set local num equal b to 92
sets local num equal b to 94
create num equal b to 29
creates num equal b to 61
define num equal b to 62
defines num equal b to 22
declare num equal b to 44
declares num equal b to 74
set num equal b to 86
sets num equal b to 42
create global num equal c to 99
creates global num equal c to 91
define global num equal c to 0
defines global num equal c to 13
declare global num equal c to 11
declares global num equal c to 30
set global num equal c to 38
sets global num equal c to 41
create local num equal c to 60
creates local num equal c to 87
define local num equal c to 100
defines local num equal c to 84
declare local num equal c to 80
declares local num equal c to 3
set local num equal c to 28
sets local num equal c to 85
create num equal c to 69
creates num equal c to 26
define num equal c to 15
defines num equal c to 18
declare num equal c to 72
declares num equal c to 39
set num equal c to 58
sets num equal c to 95
create global nums equal nums0 to 73
creates global nums equal nums0 to 54
define global nums equal nums0 to 1
defines global nums equal nums0 to 78
declare global nums equal nums0 to 72
declares global nums equal nums0 to 70
set global nums equal nums0 to 9
sets global nums equal nums0 to 11
create local nums equal nums0 to 25
creates local nums equal nums0 to 86
define local nums equal nums0 to 9
defines local nums equal nums0 to 53
declare local nums equal nums0 to 9
declares local nums equal nums0 to 35
set local nums equal nums0 to 96
sets local nums equal nums0 to 96
create nums equal nums0 to 2
creates nums equal nums0 to 26
define nums equal nums0 to 28
defines nums equal nums0 to 68
declare nums equal nums0 to 56
declares nums equal nums0 to 33
set nums equal nums0 to 8
sets nums equal nums0 to 50
create global nums equal nums1 to 100
creates global nums equal nums1 to 8
define global nums equal nums1 to 0
defines global nums equal nums1 to 81
declare global nums equal nums1 to 30
declares global nums equal nums1 to 23
set global nums equal nums1 to 10
sets global nums equal nums1 to 44
create local nums equal nums1 to 39
creates local nums equal nums1 to 62
define local nums equal nums1 to 36
defines local nums equal nums1 to 28
declare local nums equal nums1 to 47
declares local nums equal nums1 to 58
set local nums equal nums1 to 75
sets local nums equal nums1 to 37
create nums equal nums1 to 72
creates nums equal nums1 to 30
define nums equal nums1 to 19
defines nums equal nums1 to 27
declare nums equal nums1 to 76
declares nums equal nums1 to 13
set nums equal nums1 to 77
sets nums equal nums1 to 35
create global nums equal nums2 to 42
creates global nums equal nums2 to 60
define global nums equal nums2 to 25
defines global nums equal nums2 to 23
declare global nums equal nums2 to 46
declares global nums equal nums2 to 88
set global nums equal nums2 to 47
sets global nums equal nums2 to 96
create local nums equal nums2 to 97
creates local nums equal nums2 to 33
define local nums equal nums2 to 45
defines local nums equal nums2 to 71
declare local nums equal nums2 to 69
declares local nums equal nums2 to 52
set local nums equal nums2 to 89
sets local nums equal nums2 to 60
create nums equal nums2 to 95
creates nums equal nums2 to 63
define nums equal nums2 to 47
defines nums equal nums2 to 34
declare nums equal nums2 to 67
declares nums equal nums2 to 51
set nums equal nums2 to 65
sets nums equal nums2 to 77
create global nums equal i to 46
creates global nums equal i to 74
define global nums equal i to 31
defines global nums equal i to 91
declare global nums equal i to 93
declares global nums equal i to 16
set global nums equal i to 85
sets global nums equal i to 66
create local nums equal i to 26
creates local nums equal i to 71
define local nums equal i to 61
defines local nums equal i to 91
declare local nums equal i to 71
declares local nums equal i to 97
set local nums equal i to 93
sets local nums equal i to 45
create nums equal i to 0
creates nums equal i to 91
define nums equal i to 98
defines nums equal i to 28
declare nums equal i to 84
declares nums equal i to 6
set nums equal i to 34
sets nums equal i to 0
create global nums equal j to 81
creates global nums equal j to 88
define global nums equal j to 56
defines global nums equal j to 86
declare global nums equal j to 22
declares global nums equal j to 79
set global nums equal j to 10
sets global nums equal j to 76
create local nums equal j to 94
creates local nums equal j to 4
define local nums equal j to 93
defines local nums equal j to 95
declare local nums equal j to 38
declares local nums equal j to 40
set local nums equal j to 51
sets local nums equal j to 63
create nums equal j to 58
creates nums equal j to 46
define nums equal j to 99
defines nums equal j to 100
declare nums equal j to 14
declares nums equal j to 51
set nums equal j to 65
sets nums equal j to 67
create global nums equal k to 55
creates global nums equal k to 85
define global nums equal k to 86
defines global nums equal k to 20
declare global nums equal k to 66
declares global nums equal k to 87
set global nums equal k to 76
sets global nums equal k to 59
create local nums equal k to 3
creates local nums equal k to 22
define local nums equal k to 57
defines local nums equal k to 19
declare local nums equal k to 99
declares local nums equal k to 30
set local nums equal k to 20
sets local nums equal k to 30
create nums equal k to 35
creates nums equal k to 95
define nums equal k to 91
defines nums equal k to 17
declare nums equal k to 9
declares nums equal k to 11
set nums equal k to 42
sets nums equal k to 37
create global nums equal a to 0
creates global nums equal a to 44
define global nums equal a to 4
defines global nums equal a to 99
declare global nums equal a to 1
declares global nums equal a to 47
set global nums equal a to 20
sets global nums equal a to 81
create local nums equal a to 43
creates local nums equal a to 76
define local nums equal a to 54
defines local nums equal a to 50
declare local nums equal a to 14
declares local nums equal a to 37
set local nums equal a to 77
sets local nums equal a to 16
create nums equal a to 12
creates nums equal a to 46
define nums equal a to 27
defines nums equal a to 24
declare nums equal a to 15
declares nums equal a to 6
set nums equal a to 97
sets nums equal a to 10
create global nums equal b to 47
creates global nums equal b to 100
define global nums equal b to 61
defines global nums equal b to 77
declare global nums equal b to 22
declares global nums equal b to 25
set global nums equal b to 32
sets global nums equal b to 76
create local nums equal b to 88
creates local nums equal b to 90
define local nums equal b to 56
defines local nums equal b to 93
declare local nums equal b to 72
declares local nums equal b to 90
set local nums equal b to 96
sets local nums equal b to 40
create nums equal b to 40
creates nums equal b to 85
define nums equal b to 3
defines nums equal b to 94
declare nums equal b to 10
declares nums equal b to 96
set nums equal b to 100
sets nums equal b to 38
create global nums equal c to 37
creates global nums equal c to 19
define global nums equal c to 45
defines global nums equal c to 18
declare global nums equal c to 5
declares global nums equal c to 38
set global nums equal c to 71
sets global nums equal c to 70
create local nums equal c to 40
creates local nums equal c to 74
define local nums equal c to 45
defines local nums equal c to 61
declare local nums equal c to 81
declares local nums equal c to 91
set local nums equal c to 96
sets local nums equal c to 63
create nums equal c to 37
creates nums equal c to 91
define nums equal c to 21
defines nums equal c to 49
declare nums equal c to 19
declares nums equal c to 13
set nums equal c to 68
sets nums equal c to 9
create global variable equal variable0 to 96
creates global variable equal variable0 to 11
define global variable equal variable0 to 47
defines global variable equal variable0 to 48
declare global variable equal variable0 to 27
declares global variable equal variable0 to 79
set global variable equal variable0 to 99
sets global variable equal variable0 to 25
create local variable equal variable0 to 44
creates local variable equal variable0 to 81
define local variable equal variable0 to 18
defines local variable equal variable0 to 61
declare local variable equal variable0 to 36
declares local variable equal variable0 to 75
set local variable equal variable0 to 36
sets local variable equal variable0 to 50
create variable equal variable0 to 84
creates variable equal variable0 to 87
define variable equal variable0 to 38
defines variable equal variable0 to 48
declare variable equal variable0 to 33
declares variable equal variable0 to 51
set variable equal variable0 to 42
sets variable equal variable0 to 97
create global variable equal variable1 to 42
creates global variable equal variable1 to 94
define global variable equal variable1 to 62
defines global variable equal variable1 to 100
declare global variable equal variable1 to 6
declares global variable equal variable1 to 94
set global variable equal variable1 to 23
sets global variable equal variable1 to 82
create local variable equal variable1 to 48
creates local variable equal variable1 to 70
define local variable equal variable1 to 57
defines local variable equal variable1 to 62
declare local variable equal variable1 to 21
declares local variable equal variable1 to 73
set local variable equal variable1 to 17
sets local variable equal variable1 to 42
create variable equal variable1 to 55
creates variable equal variable1 to 44
define variable equal variable1 to 26
defines variable equal variable1 to 72
declare variable equal variable1 to 33
declares variable equal variable1 to 61
set variable equal variable1 to 38
sets variable equal variable1 to 71
create global variable equal variable2 to 55
creates global variable equal variable2 to 78
define global variable equal variable2 to 49
defines global variable equal variable2 to 45
declare global variable equal variable2 to 2
declares global variable equal variable2 to 23
set global variable equal variable2 to 1
sets global variable equal variable2 to 62
create local variable equal variable2 to 56
creates local variable equal variable2 to 87
define local variable equal variable2 to 24
defines local variable equal variable2 to 29
declare local variable equal variable2 to 91
declares local variable equal variable2 to 37
set local variable equal variable2 to 50
sets local variable equal variable2 to 0
create variable equal variable2 to 33
creates variable equal variable2 to 31
define variable equal variable2 to 59
defines variable equal variable2 to 31
declare variable equal variable2 to 18
declares variable equal variable2 to 9
set variable equal variable2 to 12
sets variable equal variable2 to 24
create global variable equal i to 10
creates global variable equal i to 54
define global variable equal i to 96
defines global variable equal i to 1
declare global variable equal i to 52
declares global variable equal i to 60
set global variable equal i to 29
sets global variable equal i to 27
create local variable equal i to 66
creates local variable equal i to 1
define local variable equal i to 12
defines local variable equal i to 23
declare local variable equal i to 34
declares local variable equal i to 25
set local variable equal i to 63
sets local variable equal i to 15
create variable equal i to 92
creates variable equal i to 91
define variable equal i to 93
defines variable equal i to 97
declare variable equal i to 21
declares variable equal i to 11
set variable equal i to 58
sets variable equal i to 95
create global variable equal j to 65
creates global variable equal j to 10
define global variable equal j to 0
defines global variable equal j to 76
declare global variable equal j to 37
declares global variable equal j to 46
set global variable equal j to 6
sets global variable equal j to 25
create local variable equal j to 18
creates local variable equal j to 51
define local variable equal j to 77
defines local variable equal j to 12
declare local variable equal j to 34
declares local variable equal j to 68
set local variable equal j to 79
sets local variable equal j to 27
create variable equal j to 18
creates variable equal j to 64
define variable equal j to 11
defines variable equal j to 60
declare variable equal j to 73
declares variable equal j to 84
set variable equal j to 79
sets variable equal j to 87
create global variable equal k to 84
creates global variable equal k to 35
define global variable equal k to 61
defines global variable equal k to 41
declare global variable equal k to 84
declares global variable equal k to 73
set global variable equal k to 52
sets global variable equal k to 7
create local variable equal k to 89
creates local variable equal k to 16
define local variable equal k to 43
defines local variable equal k to 84
declare local variable equal k to 85
declares local variable equal k to 89
set local variable equal k to 1
sets local variable equal k to 89
create variable equal k to 81
creates variable equal k to 69
define variable equal k to 49
defines variable equal k to 79
declare variable equal k to 64
declares variable equal k to 88
set variable equal k to 79
sets variable equal k to 27
create global variable equal a to 17
creates global variable equal a to 57
define global variable equal a to 43
defines global variable equal a to 81
declare global variable equal a to 68
declares global variable equal a to 64
set global variable equal a to 85
sets global variable equal a to 28
create local variable equal a to 48
creates local variable equal a to 14
define local variable equal a to 23
defines local variable equal a to 70
declare local variable equal a to 51
declares local variable equal a to 40
set local variable equal a to 5
sets local variable equal a to 32
create variable equal a to 76
creates variable equal a to 45
define variable equal a to 79
defines variable equal a to 41
declare variable equal a to 95
declares variable equal a to 46
set variable equal a to 72
sets variable equal a to 78
create global variable equal b to 86
creates global variable equal b to 47
define global variable equal b to 7
defines global variable equal b to 76
declare global variable equal b to 94
declares global variable equal b to 88
set global variable equal b to 70
sets global variable equal b to 5
create local variable equal b to 32
creates local variable equal b to 99
define local variable equal b to 3
defines local variable equal b to 23
declare local variable equal b to 23
declares local variable equal b to 93
set local variable equal b to 72
sets local variable equal b to 76
create variable equal b to 97
creates variable equal b to 37
define variable equal b to 63
defines variable equal b to 21
declare variable equal b to 57
declares variable equal b to 45
set variable equal b to 83
sets variable equal b to 53
create global variable equal c to 100
creates global variable equal c to 59
define global variable equal c to 11
defines global variable equal c to 73
declare global variable equal c to 21
declares global variable equal c to 29
set global variable equal c to 95
sets global variable equal c to 27
create local variable equal c to 23
creates local variable equal c to 40
define local variable equal c to 13
defines local variable equal c to 76
declare local variable equal c to 66
declares local variable equal c to 30
set local variable equal c to 48
sets local variable equal c to 30
create variable equal c to 44
creates variable equal c to 83
define variable equal c to 50
defines variable equal c to 78
declare variable equal c to 91
declares variable equal c to 49
set variable equal c to 6
sets variable equal c to 14
create global variables equal variables0 to 61
creates global variables equal variables0 to 13
define global variables equal variables0 to 34
defines global variables equal variables0 to 34
declare global variables equal variables0 to 67
declares global variables equal variables0 to 80
set global variables equal variables0 to 12
sets global variables equal variables0 to 79
create local variables equal variables0 to 4
creates local variables equal variables0 to 39
define local variables equal variables0 to 15
defines local variables equal variables0 to 79
declare local variables equal variables0 to 61
declares local variables equal variables0 to 54
set local variables equal variables0 to 17
sets local variables equal variables0 to 37
create variables equal variables0 to 40
creates variables equal variables0 to 59
define variables equal variables0 to 37
defines variables equal variables0 to 89
declare variables equal variables0 to 83
declares variables equal variables0 to 97
set variables equal variables0 to 87
sets variables equal variables0 to 9
create global variables equal variables1 to 85
creates global variables equal variables1 to 94
define global variables equal variables1 to 89
defines global variables equal variables1 to 17
declare global variables equal variables1 to 53
declares global variables equal variables1 to 94
set global variables equal variables1 to 42
sets global variables equal variables1 to 28
create local variables equal variables1 to 45
creates local variables equal variables1 to 89
define local variables equal variables1 to 4
defines local variables equal variables1 to 27
declare local variables equal variables1 to 100
declares local variables equal variables1 to 27
set local variables equal variables1 to 37
sets local variables equal variables1 to 10
create variables equal variables1 to 36
creates variables equal variables1 to 33
define variables equal variables1 to 35
defines variables equal variables1 to 83
declare variables equal variables1 to 23
declares variables equal variables1 to 68
set variables equal variables1 to 98
sets variables equal variables1 to 18
create global variables equal variables2 to 64
creates global variables equal variables2 to 15
define global variables equal variables2 to 93
defines global variables equal variables2 to 63
declare global variables equal variables2 to 8
declares global variables equal variables2 to 36
set global variables equal variables2 to 99
sets global variables equal variables2 to 62
create local variables equal variables2 to 55
creates local variables equal variables2 to 27
define local variables equal variables2 to 87
defines local variables equal variables2 to 1
declare local variables equal variables2 to 5
declares local variables equal variables2 to 63
set local variables equal variables2 to 31
sets local variables equal variables2 to 41
create variables equal variables2 to 68
creates variables equal variables2 to 32
define variables equal variables2 to 82
defines variables equal variables2 to 68
declare variables equal variables2 to 1
declares variables equal variables2 to 91
set variables equal variables2 to 97
sets variables equal variables2 to 67
create global variables equal i to 84
creates global variables equal i to 85
define global variables equal i to 43
defines global variables equal i to 53
declare global variables equal i to 94
declares global variables equal i to 13
set global variables equal i to 73
sets global variables equal i to 14
create local variables equal i to 98
creates local variables equal i to 54
define local variables equal i to 27
defines local variables equal i to 56
declare local variables equal i to 24
declares local variables equal i to 33
set local variables equal i to 18
sets local variables equal i to 37
create variables equal i to 52
creates variables equal i to 40
define variables equal i to 50
defines variables equal i to 11
declare variables equal i to 83
declares variables equal i to 60
set variables equal i to 97
sets variables equal i to 23
create global variables equal j to 91
creates global variables equal j to 68
define global variables equal j to 10
defines global variables equal j to 16
declare global variables equal j to 19
declares global variables equal j to 7
set global variables equal j to 89
sets global variables equal j to 0
create local variables equal j to 33
creates local variables equal j to 50
define local variables equal j to 17
defines local variables equal j to 52
declare local variables equal j to 2
declares local variables equal j to 5
set local variables equal j to 64
sets local variables equal j to 93
create variables equal j to 52
creates variables equal j to 58
define variables equal j to 91
defines variables equal j to 100
declare variables equal j to 16
declares variables equal j to 48
set variables equal j to 64
sets variables equal j to 81
create global variables equal k to 36
creates global variables equal k to 69
define global variables equal k to 38
defines global variables equal k to 44
declare global variables equal k to 47
declares global variables equal k to 23
set global variables equal k to 24
sets global variables equal k to 39
create local variables equal k to 48
creates local variables equal k to 70
define local variables equal k to 9
defines local variables equal k to 36
declare local variables equal k to 44
declares local variables equal k to 8
set local variables equal k to 23
sets local variables equal k to 68
create variables equal k to 81
creates variables equal k to 47
define variables equal k to 90
defines variables equal k to 68
declare variables equal k to 88
declares variables equal k to 16
set variables equal k to 16
sets variables equal k to 59
create global variables equal a to 81
creates global variables equal a to 73
define global variables equal a to 71
defines global variables equal a to 50
declare global variables equal a to 47
declares global variables equal a to 1
set global variables equal a to 70
sets global variables equal a to 27
create local variables equal a to 36
creates local variables equal a to 75
define local variables equal a to 23
defines local variables equal a to 2
declare local variables equal a to 73
declares local variables equal a to 6
set local variables equal a to 69
sets local variables equal a to 83
create variables equal a to 10
creates variables equal a to 29
define variables equal a to 30
defines variables equal a to 76
declare variables equal a to 0
declares variables equal a to 22
set variables equal a to 91
sets variables equal a to 20
create global variables equal b to 8
creates global variables equal b to 92
define global variables equal b to 95
defines global variables equal b to 87
declare global variables equal b to 72
declares global variables equal b to 57
set global variables equal b to 20
sets global variables equal b to 87
create local variables equal b to 26
creates local variables equal b to 49
define local variables equal b to 23
defines local variables equal b to 78
declare local variables equal b to 25
declares local variables equal b to 18
set local variables equal b to 2
sets local variables equal b to 79
create variables equal b to 85
creates variables equal b to 20
define variables equal b to 51
defines variables equal b to 54
declare variables equal b to 8
declares variables equal b to 7
set variables equal b to 90
sets variables equal b to 80
create global variables equal c to 46
creates global variables equal c to 20
define global variables equal c to 48
defines global variables equal c to 25
declare global variables equal c to 21
declares global variables equal c to 86
set global variables equal c to 18
sets global variables equal c to 100
create local variables equal c to 82
creates local variables equal c to 76
define local variables equal c to 41
defines local variables equal c to 4
declare local variables equal c to 32
declares local variables equal c to 78
set local variables equal c to 47
sets local variables equal c to 2
create variables equal c to 92
creates variables equal c to 87
define variables equal c to 91
defines variables equal c to 93
declare variables equal c to 89
declares variables equal c to 25
set variables equal c to 8
sets variables equal c to 34
create global var equal var0 to 95
creates global var equal var0 to 51
define global var equal var0 to 78
defines global var equal var0 to 94
declare global var equal var0 to 67
declares global var equal var0 to 88
set global var equal var0 to 78
sets global var equal var0 to 79
create local var equal var0 to 78
creates local var equal var0 to 47
define local var equal var0 to 38
defines local var equal var0 to 19
declare local var equal var0 to 75
declares local var equal var0 to 71
set local var equal var0 to 7
sets local var equal var0 to 79
create var equal var0 to 66
creates var equal var0 to 27
define var equal var0 to 5
defines var equal var0 to 45
declare var equal var0 to 16
declares var equal var0 to 26
set var equal var0 to 37
sets var equal var0 to 18
create global var equal var1 to 4
creates global var equal var1 to 23
define global var equal var1 to 63
defines global var equal var1 to 81
declare global var equal var1 to 68
declares global var equal var1 to 52
set global var equal var1 to 67
sets global var equal var1 to 50
create local var equal var1 to 4
creates local var equal var1 to 18
define local var equal var1 to 61
defines local var equal var1 to 82
declare local var equal var1 to 78
declares local var equal var1 to 19
set local var equal var1 to 86
sets local var equal var1 to 19
create var equal var1 to 54
creates var equal var1 to 15
define var equal var1 to 57
defines var equal var1 to 55
declare var equal var1 to 98
declares var equal var1 to 21
set var equal var1 to 56
sets var equal var1 to 30
create global var equal var2 to 85
creates global var equal var2 to 23
define global var equal var2 to 50
defines global var equal var2 to 47
declare global var equal var2 to 97
declares global var equal var2 to 73
set global var equal var2 to 28
sets global var equal var2 to 93
create local var equal var2 to 67
creates local var equal var2 to 56
define local var equal var2 to 84
defines local var equal var2 to 75
declare local var equal var2 to 22
declares local var equal var2 to 93
set local var equal var2 to 34
sets local var equal var2 to 72
create var equal var2 to 54
creates var equal var2 to 71
define var equal var2 to 70
defines var equal var2 to 66
declare var equal var2 to 100
declares var equal var2 to 20
set var equal var2 to 33
sets var equal var2 to 17
create global var equal i to 90
creates global var equal i to 33
define global var equal i to 25
defines global var equal i to 73
declare global var equal i to 13
declares global var equal i to 53
set global var equal i to 49
sets global var equal i to 35
create local var equal i to 82
creates local var equal i to 80
define local var equal i to 44
defines local var equal i to 93
declare local var equal i to 24
declares local var equal i to 90
set local var equal i to 16
sets local var equal i to 27
create var equal i to 55
creates var equal i to 99
define var equal i to 81
defines var equal i to 0
declare var equal i to 32
declares var equal i to 55
set var equal i to 61
sets var equal i to 70
create global var equal j to 60
creates global var equal j to 25
define global var equal j to 19
defines global var equal j to 3
declare global var equal j to 93
declares global var equal j to 54
set global var equal j to 55
sets global var equal j to 97
create local var equal j to 24
creates local var equal j to 91
define local var equal j to 51
defines local var equal j to 77
declare local var equal j to 76
declares local var equal j to 69
set local var equal j to 1
sets local var equal j to 6
create var equal j to 25
creates var equal j to 65
define var equal j to 89
defines var equal j to 0
declare var equal j to 34
declares var equal j to 78
set var equal j to 73
sets var equal j to 40
create global var equal k to 19
creates global var equal k to 14
define global var equal k to 37
defines global var equal k to 29
declare global var equal k to 35
declares global var equal k to 66
set global var equal k to 39
sets global var equal k to 10
create local var equal k to 19
creates local var equal k to 88
define local var equal k to 6
defines local var equal k to 36
declare local var equal k to 43
declares local var equal k to 30
set local var equal k to 86
sets local var equal k to 96
create var equal k to 93
creates var equal k to 48
define var equal k to 6
defines var equal k to 52
declare var equal k to 13
declares var equal k to 21
set var equal k to 47
sets var equal k to 61
create global var equal a to 41
creates global var equal a to 1
define global var equal a to 54
defines global var equal a to 6
declare global var equal a to 39
declares global var equal a to 50
set global var equal a to 35
sets global var equal a to 28
create local var equal a to 40
creates local var equal a to 47
define local var equal a to 44
defines local var equal a to 9
declare local var equal a to 94
declares local var equal a to 20
set local var equal a to 100
sets local var equal a to 38
create var equal a to 65
creates var equal a to 27
define var equal a to 79
defines var equal a to 3
declare var equal a to 37
declares var equal a to 68
set var equal a to 53
sets var equal a to 55
create global var equal b to 62
creates global var equal b to 64
define global var equal b to 86
defines global var equal b to 62
declare global var equal b to 43
declares global var equal b to 92
set global var equal b to 53
sets global var equal b to 21
create local var equal b to 92
creates local var equal b to 14
define local var equal b to 36
defines local var equal b to 70
declare local var equal b to 94
declares local var equal b to 9
set local var equal b to 8
sets local var equal b to 16
create var equal b to 16
creates var equal b to 54
define var equal b to 46
defines var equal b to 29
declare var equal b to 22
declares var equal b to 34
set var equal b to 25
sets var equal b to 51
create global var equal c to 63
creates global var equal c to 27
define global var equal c to 85
defines global var equal c to 11
declare global var equal c to 38
declares global var equal c to 53
set global var equal c to 60
sets global var equal c to 78
create local var equal c to 88
creates local var equal c to 16
define local var equal c to 63
defines local var equal c to 74
declare local var equal c to 29
declares local var equal c to 45
set local var equal c to 47
sets local var equal c to 68
create var equal c to 69
creates var equal c to 68
define var equal c to 85
defines var equal c to 58
declare var equal c to 87
declares var equal c to 75
set var equal c to 77
sets var equal c to 36
create global vars equal vars0 to 94
creates global vars equal vars0 to 16
define global vars equal vars0 to 80
defines global vars equal vars0 to 40
declare global vars equal vars0 to 8
declares global vars equal vars0 to 83
set global vars equal vars0 to 81
sets global vars equal vars0 to 50
create local vars equal vars0 to 18
creates local vars equal vars0 to 51
define local vars equal vars0 to 86
defines local vars equal vars0 to 13
declare local vars equal vars0 to 27
declares local vars equal vars0 to 29
set local vars equal vars0 to 81
sets local vars equal vars0 to 96
create vars equal vars0 to 93
creates vars equal vars0 to 96
define vars equal vars0 to 22
defines vars equal vars0 to 26
declare vars equal vars0 to 85
declares vars equal vars0 to 1
set vars equal vars0 to 96
sets vars equal vars0 to 76
create global vars equal vars1 to 28
creates global vars equal vars1 to 23
define global vars equal vars1 to 58
defines global vars equal vars1 to 64
declare global vars equal vars1 to 44
declares global vars equal vars1 to 30
set global vars equal vars1 to 6
sets global vars equal vars1 to 51
create local vars equal vars1 to 3
creates local vars equal vars1 to 2
define local vars equal vars1 to 63
defines local vars equal vars1 to 88
declare local vars equal vars1 to 20
declares local vars equal vars1 to 64
set local vars equal vars1 to 54
sets local vars equal vars1 to 32
create vars equal vars1 to 73
creates vars equal vars1 to 59
define vars equal vars1 to 33
defines vars equal vars1 to 79
declare vars equal vars1 to 11
declares vars equal vars1 to 9
set vars equal vars1 to 95
sets vars equal vars1 to 63
create global vars equal vars2 to 65
creates global vars equal vars2 to 40
define global vars equal vars2 to 38
defines global vars equal vars2 to 0
declare global vars equal vars2 to 97
declares global vars equal vars2 to 9
set global vars equal vars2 to 62
sets global vars equal vars2 to 70
create local vars equal vars2 to 90
creates local vars equal vars2 to 15
define local vars equal vars2 to 61
defines local vars equal vars2 to 95
declare local vars equal vars2 to 2
declares local vars equal vars2 to 36
set local vars equal vars2 to 96
sets local vars equal vars2 to 45
create vars equal vars2 to 63
creates vars equal vars2 to 70
define vars equal vars2 to 32
defines vars equal vars2 to 83
declare vars equal vars2 to 53
declares vars equal vars2 to 61
set vars equal vars2 to 20
sets vars equal vars2 to 33
create global vars equal i to 9
creates global vars equal i to 83
define global vars equal i to 94
defines global vars equal i to 48
declare global vars equal i to 57
declares global vars equal i to 82
set global vars equal i to 54
sets global vars equal i to 22
create local vars equal i to 60
creates local vars equal i to 58
define local vars equal i to 36
defines local vars equal i to 44
declare local vars equal i to 36
declares local vars equal i to 50
set local vars equal i to 96
sets local vars equal i to 36
create vars equal i to 82
creates vars equal i to 67
define vars equal i to 18
defines vars equal i to 56
declare vars equal i to 74
declares vars equal i to 65
set vars equal i to 66
sets vars equal i to 59
create global vars equal j to 65
creates global vars equal j to 47
define global vars equal j to 13
defines global vars equal j to 23
declare global vars equal j to 65
declares global vars equal j to 34
set global vars equal j to 20
sets global vars equal j to 20
create local vars equal j to 23
creates local vars equal j to 10
define local vars equal j to 76
defines local vars equal j to 50
declare local vars equal j to 65
declares local vars equal j to 47
set local vars equal j to 17
sets local vars equal j to 63
create vars equal j to 42
creates vars equal j to 57
define vars equal j to 69
defines vars equal j to 62
declare vars equal j to 27
declares vars equal j to 78
set vars equal j to 31
sets vars equal j to 8
create global vars equal k to 55
creates global vars equal k to 67
define global vars equal k to 3
defines global vars equal k to 57
declare global vars equal k to 22
declares global vars equal k to 26
set global vars equal k to 27
sets global vars equal k to 13
create local vars equal k to 88
creates local vars equal k to 37
define local vars equal k to 99
defines local vars equal k to 32
declare local vars equal k to 84
declares local vars equal k to 100
set local vars equal k to 99
sets local vars equal k to 89
create vars equal k to 37
creates vars equal k to 51
define vars equal k to 30
defines vars equal k to 21
declare vars equal k to 27
declares vars equal k to 21
set vars equal k to 33
sets vars equal k to 65
create global vars equal a to 67
creates global vars equal a to 30
define global vars equal a to 20
defines global vars equal a to 44
declare global vars equal a to 84
declares global vars equal a to 54
set global vars equal a to 53
sets global vars equal a to 37
create local vars equal a to 32
creates local vars equal a to 1
define local vars equal a to 5
defines local vars equal a to 90
declare local vars equal a to 84
declares local vars equal a to 15
set local vars equal a to 72
sets local vars equal a to 29
create vars equal a to 43
creates vars equal a to 21
define vars equal a to 100
defines vars equal a to 69
declare vars equal a to 78
declares vars equal a to 82
set vars equal a to 73
sets vars equal a to 55
create global vars equal b to 43
creates global vars equal b to 14
define global vars equal b to 5
defines global vars equal b to 3
declare global vars equal b to 36
declares global vars equal b to 51
set global vars equal b to 74
sets global vars equal b to 81
create local vars equal b to 30
creates local vars equal b to 19
define local vars equal b to 4
defines local vars equal b to 82
declare local vars equal b to 91
declares local vars equal b to 65
set local vars equal b to 40
sets local vars equal b to 100
create vars equal b to 85
creates vars equal b to 15
define vars equal b to 94
defines vars equal b to 93
declare vars equal b to 36
declares vars equal b to 16
set vars equal b to 61
sets vars equal b to 85
create global vars equal c to 23
creates global vars equal c to 75
define global vars equal c to 54
defines global vars equal c to 20
declare global vars equal c to 31
declares global vars equal c to 38
set global vars equal c to 21
sets global vars equal c to 48
create local vars equal c to 76
creates local vars equal c to 76
define local vars equal c to 52
defines local vars equal c to 32
declare local vars equal c to 40
declares local vars equal c to 38
set local vars equal c to 80
sets local vars equal c to 49
create vars equal c to 21
creates vars equal c to 64
define vars equal c to 64
defines vars equal c to 3
declare vars equal c to 98
declares vars equal c to 88
set vars equal c to 13
sets vars equal c to 68
create global double equal double0 to 80
creates global double equal double0 to 55
define global double equal double0 to 28
defines global double equal double0 to 54
declare global double equal double0 to 93
declares global double equal double0 to 41
set global double equal double0 to 2
sets global double equal double0 to 79
create local double equal double0 to 76
creates local double equal double0 to 64
define local double equal double0 to 86
defines local double equal double0 to 40
declare local double equal double0 to 64
declares local double equal double0 to 84
set local double equal double0 to 35
sets local double equal double0 to 9
create double equal double0 to 5
creates double equal double0 to 8
define double equal double0 to 97
defines double equal double0 to 62
declare double equal double0 to 80
declares double equal double0 to 80
set double equal double0 to 50
sets double equal double0 to 85
create global double equal double1 to 27
creates global double equal double1 to 100
define global double equal double1 to 94
defines global double equal double1 to 78
declare global double equal double1 to 29
declares global double equal double1 to 19
set global double equal double1 to 29
sets global double equal double1 to 84
create local double equal double1 to 77
creates local double equal double1 to 21
define local double equal double1 to 66
defines local double equal double1 to 73
declare local double equal double1 to 43
declares local double equal double1 to 10
set local double equal double1 to 93
sets local double equal double1 to 95
create double equal double1 to 57
creates double equal double1 to 73
define double equal double1 to 34
defines double equal double1 to 100
declare double equal double1 to 81
declares double equal double1 to 84
set double equal double1 to 36
sets double equal double1 to 64
create global double equal double2 to 81
creates global double equal double2 to 13
define global double equal double2 to 72
defines global double equal double2 to 60
declare global double equal double2 to 22
declares global double equal double2 to 95
set global double equal double2 to 33
sets global double equal double2 to 96
create local double equal double2 to 88
creates local double equal double2 to 65
define local double equal double2 to 79
defines local double equal double2 to 42
declare local double equal double2 to 68
declares local double equal double2 to 18
set local double equal double2 to 18
sets local double equal double2 to 96
create double equal double2 to 74
creates double equal double2 to 66
define double equal double2 to 75
defines double equal double2 to 98
declare double equal double2 to 84
declares double equal double2 to 24
set double equal double2 to 37
sets double equal double2 to 9
create global double equal i to 37
creates global double equal i to 70
define global double equal i to 29
defines global double equal i to 10
declare global double equal i to 28
declares global double equal i to 67
set global double equal i to 34
sets global double equal i to 72
create local double equal i to 12
creates local double equal i to 67
define local double equal i to 87
defines local double equal i to 74
declare local double equal i to 71
declares local double equal i to 61
set local double equal i to 13
sets local double equal i to 54
create double equal i to 12
creates double equal i to 48
define double equal i to 42
defines double equal i to 75
declare double equal i to 25
declares double equal i to 52
set double equal i to 10
sets double equal i to 35
create global double equal j to 38
creates global double equal j to 50
define global double equal j to 97
defines global double equal j to 35
declare global double equal j to 88
declares global double equal j to 71
set global double equal j to 16
sets global double equal j to 82
create local double equal j to 33
creates local double equal j to 90
define local double equal j to 12
defines local double equal j to 78
declare local double equal j to 84
declares local double equal j to 23
set local double equal j to 0
sets local double equal j to 41
create double equal j to 95
creates double equal j to 22
define double equal j to 55
defines double equal j to 74
declare double equal j to 28
declares double equal j to 36
set double equal j to 77
sets double equal j to 52
create global double equal k to 71
creates global double equal k to 16
define global double equal k to 5
defines global double equal k to 5
declare global double equal k to 70
declares global double equal k to 25
set global double equal k to 11
sets global double equal k to 69
create local double equal k to 39
creates local double equal k to 77
define local double equal k to 18
defines local double equal k to 8
declare local double equal k to 64
declares local double equal k to 87
set local double equal k to 53
sets local double equal k to 61
create double equal k to 11
creates double equal k to 18
define double equal k to 88
defines double equal k to 29
declare double equal k to 90
declares double equal k to 75
set double equal k to 73
sets double equal k to 93
create global double equal a to 53
creates global double equal a to 91
define global double equal a to 70
defines global double equal a to 10
declare global double equal a to 2
declares global double equal a to 9
set global double equal a to 4
sets global double equal a to 68
create local double equal a to 41
creates local double equal a to 26
define local double equal a to 93
defines local double equal a to 29
declare local double equal a to 54
declares local double equal a to 88
set local double equal a to 27
sets local double equal a to 64
create double equal a to 67
creates double equal a to 100
define double equal a to 94
defines double equal a to 37
declare double equal a to 100
declares double equal a to 67
set double equal a to 41
sets double equal a to 26
create global double equal b to 75
creates global double equal b to 24
define global double equal b to 23
defines global double equal b to 32
declare global double equal b to 81
declares global double equal b to 69
set global double equal b to 53
sets global double equal b to 11
create local double equal b to 2
creates local double equal b to 0
define local double equal b to 53
defines local double equal b to 18
declare local double equal b to 44
declares local double equal b to 25
set local double equal b to 47
sets local double equal b to 1
create double equal b to 2
creates double equal b to 82
define double equal b to 28
defines double equal b to 1
declare double equal b to 34
declares double equal b to 87
set double equal b to 42
sets double equal b to 25
create global double equal c to 11
creates global double equal c to 93
define global double equal c to 0
defines global double equal c to 74
declare global double equal c to 21
declares global double equal c to 64
set global double equal c to 82
sets global double equal c to 69
create local double equal c to 34
creates local double equal c to 50
define local double equal c to 70
defines local double equal c to 42
declare local double equal c to 55
declares local double equal c to 40
set local double equal c to 13
sets local double equal c to 98
create double equal c to 31
creates double equal c to 65
define double equal c to 23
defines double equal c to 50
declare double equal c to 36
declares double equal c to 92
set double equal c to 39
sets double equal c to 63
create global doubles equal doubles0 to 45
creates global doubles equal doubles0 to 9
define global doubles equal doubles0 to 22
defines global doubles equal doubles0 to 39
declare global doubles equal doubles0 to 99
declares global doubles equal doubles0 to 93
set global doubles equal doubles0 to 13
sets global doubles equal doubles0 to 62
create local doubles equal doubles0 to 36
creates local doubles equal doubles0 to 82
define local doubles equal doubles0 to 80
defines local doubles equal doubles0 to 21
declare local doubles equal doubles0 to 37
declares local doubles equal doubles0 to 77
set local doubles equal doubles0 to 90
sets local doubles equal doubles0 to 26
create doubles equal doubles0 to 3
creates doubles equal doubles0 to 50
define doubles equal doubles0 to 17
defines doubles equal doubles0 to 90
declare doubles equal doubles0 to 95
declares doubles equal doubles0 to 0
set doubles equal doubles0 to 97
sets doubles equal doubles0 to 8
create global doubles equal doubles1 to 83
creates global doubles equal doubles1 to 47
define global doubles equal doubles1 to 24
defines global doubles equal doubles1 to 54
declare global doubles equal doubles1 to 46
declares global doubles equal doubles1 to 25
set global doubles equal doubles1 to 55
sets global doubles equal doubles1 to 99
create local doubles equal doubles1 to 53
creates local doubles equal doubles1 to 37
define local doubles equal doubles1 to 31
defines local doubles equal doubles1 to 75
declare local doubles equal doubles1 to 62
declares local doubles equal doubles1 to 78
set local doubles equal doubles1 to 35
sets local doubles equal doubles1 to 72
create doubles equal doubles1 to 72
creates doubles equal doubles1 to 75
define doubles equal doubles1 to 67
defines doubles equal doubles1 to 100
declare doubles equal doubles1 to 4
declares doubles equal doubles1 to 61
set doubles equal doubles1 to 46
sets doubles equal doubles1 to 61
create global doubles equal doubles2 to 35
creates global doubles equal doubles2 to 88
define global doubles equal doubles2 to 70
defines global doubles equal doubles2 to 90
declare global doubles equal doubles2 to 60
declares global doubles equal doubles2 to 60
set global doubles equal doubles2 to 33
sets global doubles equal doubles2 to 0
create local doubles equal doubles2 to 93
creates local doubles equal doubles2 to 91
define local doubles equal doubles2 to 19
defines local doubles equal doubles2 to 10
declare local doubles equal doubles2 to 13
declares local doubles equal doubles2 to 64
set local doubles equal doubles2 to 73
sets local doubles equal doubles2 to 97
create doubles equal doubles2 to 2
creates doubles equal doubles2 to 57
define doubles equal doubles2 to 36
defines doubles equal doubles2 to 0
declare doubles equal doubles2 to 32
declares doubles equal doubles2 to 36
set doubles equal doubles2 to 75
sets doubles equal doubles2 to 51
create global doubles equal i to 88
creates global doubles equal i to 59
define global doubles equal i to 20
defines global doubles equal i to 5
declare global doubles equal i to 80
declares global doubles equal i to 69
set global doubles equal i to 2
sets global doubles equal i to 42
create local doubles equal i to 14
creates local doubles equal i to 25
define local doubles equal i to 89
defines local doubles equal i to 62
declare local doubles equal i to 76
declares local doubles equal i to 41
set local doubles equal i to 12
sets local doubles equal i to 21
create doubles equal i to 76
creates doubles equal i to 54
define doubles equal i to 8
defines doubles equal i to 51
declare doubles equal i to 67
declares doubles equal i to 63
set doubles equal i to 57
sets doubles equal i to 82
create global doubles equal j to 80
creates global doubles equal j to 73
define global doubles equal j to 29
defines global doubles equal j to 63
declare global doubles equal j to 96
declares global doubles equal j to 52
set global doubles equal j to 28
sets global doubles equal j to 94
create local doubles equal j to 10
creates local doubles equal j to 43
define local doubles equal j to 5
defines local doubles equal j to 29
declare local doubles equal j to 60
declares local doubles equal j to 27
set local doubles equal j to 71
sets local doubles equal j to 48
create doubles equal j to 56
creates doubles equal j to 7
define doubles equal j to 56
defines doubles equal j to 46
declare doubles equal j to 64
declares doubles equal j to 94
set doubles equal j to 1
sets doubles equal j to 17
create global doubles equal k to 66
creates global doubles equal k to 92
define global doubles equal k to 53
defines global doubles equal k to 70
declare global doubles equal k to 98
declares global doubles equal k to 48
set global doubles equal k to 3
sets global doubles equal k to 21
create local doubles equal k to 61
creates local doubles equal k to 41
define local doubles equal k to 78
defines local doubles equal k to 27
declare local doubles equal k to 59
declares local doubles equal k to 89
set local doubles equal k to 2
sets local doubles equal k to 11
create doubles equal k to 9
creates doubles equal k to 36
define doubles equal k to 14
defines doubles equal k to 46
declare doubles equal k to 88
declares doubles equal k to 46
set doubles equal k to 88
sets doubles equal k to 5
create global doubles equal a to 71
creates global doubles equal a to 87
define global doubles equal a to 13
defines global doubles equal a to 47
declare global doubles equal a to 90
declares global doubles equal a to 70
set global doubles equal a to 0
sets global doubles equal a to 98
create local doubles equal a to 31
creates local doubles equal a to 74
define local doubles equal a to 16
defines local doubles equal a to 49
declare local doubles equal a to 37
declares local doubles equal a to 19
set local doubles equal a to 51
sets local doubles equal a to 59
create doubles equal a to 33
creates doubles equal a to 40
define doubles equal a to 88
defines doubles equal a to 99
declare doubles equal a to 58
declares doubles equal a to 2
set doubles equal a to 52
sets doubles equal a to 58
create global doubles equal b to 14
creates global doubles equal b to 18
define global doubles equal b to 95
defines global doubles equal b to 57
declare global doubles equal b to 26
declares global doubles equal b to 90
set global doubles equal b to 70
sets global doubles equal b to 40
create local doubles equal b to 89
creates local doubles equal b to 85
define local doubles equal b to 77
defines local doubles equal b to 55
declare local doubles equal b to 58
declares local doubles equal b to 28
set local doubles equal b to 70
sets local doubles equal b to 54
create doubles equal b to 96
creates doubles equal b to 66
define doubles equal b to 97
defines doubles equal b to 75
declare doubles equal b to 93
declares doubles equal b to 14
set doubles equal b to 18
sets doubles equal b to 27
create global doubles equal c to 66
creates global doubles equal c to 53
define global doubles equal c to 32
defines global doubles equal c to 45
declare global doubles equal c to 50
declares global doubles equal c to 99
set global doubles equal c to 13
sets global doubles equal c to 94
create local doubles equal c to 69
creates local doubles equal c to 35
define local doubles equal c to 27
defines local doubles equal c to 90
declare local doubles equal c to 56
declares local doubles equal c to 56
set local doubles equal c to 24
sets local doubles equal c to 55
create doubles equal c to 58
creates doubles equal c to 62
define doubles equal c to 71
defines doubles equal c to 64
declare doubles equal c to 27
declares doubles equal c to 59
set doubles equal c to 96
sets doubles equal c to 80
create global character equal character0 to 99
creates global character equal character0 to 30
define global character equal character0 to 29
defines global character equal character0 to 29
declare global character equal character0 to 29
declares global character equal character0 to 18
set global character equal character0 to 90
sets global character equal character0 to 94
create local character equal character0 to 20
creates local character equal character0 to 51
define local character equal character0 to 5
defines local character equal character0 to 34
declare local character equal character0 to 10
declares local character equal character0 to 55
set local character equal character0 to 54
sets local character equal character0 to 94
create character equal character0 to 34
creates character equal character0 to 77
define character equal character0 to 47
defines character equal character0 to 96
declare character equal character0 to 29
declares character equal character0 to 15
set character equal character0 to 55
sets character equal character0 to 73
create global character equal character1 to 53
creates global character equal character1 to 25
define global character equal character1 to 15
defines global character equal character1 to 42
declare global character equal character1 to 1
declares global character equal character1 to 23
set global character equal character1 to 28
sets global character equal character1 to 82
create local character equal character1 to 86
creates local character equal character1 to 70
define local character equal character1 to 24
defines local character equal character1 to 79
declare local character equal character1 to 65
declares local character equal character1 to 43
set local character equal character1 to 51
sets local character equal character1 to 89
create character equal character1 to 12
creates character equal character1 to 42
define character equal character1 to 72
defines character equal character1 to 31
declare character equal character1 to 57
declares character equal character1 to 64
set character equal character1 to 44
sets character equal character1 to 41
create global character equal character2 to 9
creates global character equal character2 to 81
define global character equal character2 to 70
defines global character equal character2 to 88
declare global character equal character2 to 87
declares global character equal character2 to 16
set global character equal character2 to 12
sets global character equal character2 to 34
create local character equal character2 to 65
creates local character equal character2 to 76
define local character equal character2 to 24
defines local character equal character2 to 71
declare local character equal character2 to 29
declares local character equal character2 to 18
set local character equal character2 to 64
sets local character equal character2 to 80
create character equal character2 to 54
creates character equal character2 to 27
define character equal character2 to 24
defines character equal character2 to 23
declare character equal character2 to 32
declares character equal character2 to 5
set character equal character2 to 51
sets character equal character2 to 14
create global character equal i to 94
creates global character equal i to 54
define global character equal i to 67
defines global character equal i to 84
declare global character equal i to 38
declares global character equal i to 99
set global character equal i to 97
sets global character equal i to 37
create local character equal i to 70
creates local character equal i to 39
define local character equal i to 44
defines local character equal i to 23
declare local character equal i to 52
declares local character equal i to 98
set local character equal i to 90
sets local character equal i to 64
create character equal i to 39
creates character equal i to 98
define character equal i to 47
defines character equal i to 26
declare character equal i to 52
declares character equal i to 87
set character equal i to 3
sets character equal i to 16
create global character equal j to 45
creates global character equal j to 51
define global character equal j to 17
defines global character equal j to 34
declare global character equal j to 13
declares global character equal j to 93
set global character equal j to 92
sets global character equal j to 37
create local character equal j to 31
creates local character equal j to 76
define local character equal j to 31
defines local character equal j to 78
declare local character equal j to 81
declares local character equal j to 13
set local character equal j to 9
sets local character equal j to 52
create character equal j to 9
creates character equal j to 28
define character equal j to 16
defines character equal j to 62
declare character equal j to 60
declares character equal j to 47
set character equal j to 24
sets character equal j to 3
create global character equal k to 61
creates global character equal k to 57
define global character equal k to 16
defines global character equal k to 12
declare global character equal k to 43
declares global character equal k to 53
set global character equal k to 9
sets global character equal k to 84
create local character equal k to 31
creates local character equal k to 80
define local character equal k to 18
defines local character equal k to 2
declare local character equal k to 100
declares local character equal k to 18
set local character equal k to 30
sets local character equal k to 27
create character equal k to 79
creates character equal k to 51
define character equal k to 9
defines character equal k to 3
declare character equal k to 29
declares character equal k to 35
set character equal k to 9
sets character equal k to 86
create global character equal a to 6
creates global character equal a to 49
define global character equal a to 14
defines global character equal a to 55
declare global character equal a to 0
declares global character equal a to 65
set global character equal a to 9
sets global character equal a to 39
create local character equal a to 65
creates local character equal a to 26
define local character equal a to 45
defines local character equal a to 52
declare local character equal a to 28
declares local character equal a to 12
set local character equal a to 60
sets local character equal a to 79
create character equal a to 37
creates character equal a to 29
define character equal a to 16
defines character equal a to 81
declare character equal a to 41
declares character equal a to 36
set character equal a to 10
sets character equal a to 46
create global character equal b to 6
creates global character equal b to 69
define global character equal b to 65
defines global character equal b to 80
declare global character equal b to 42
declares global character equal b to 10
set global character equal b to 5
sets global character equal b to 57
create local character equal b to 73
creates local character equal b to 81
define local character equal b to 72
defines local character equal b to 1
declare local character equal b to 62
declares local character equal b to 90
set local character equal b to 100
sets local character equal b to 71
create character equal b to 93
creates character equal b to 77
define character equal b to 38
defines character equal b to 73
declare character equal b to 15
declares character equal b to 66
set character equal b to 11
sets character equal b to 68
create global character equal c to 61
creates global character equal c to 65
define global character equal c to 55
defines global character equal c to 66
declare global character equal c to 72
declares global character equal c to 60
set global character equal c to 89
sets global character equal c to 15
create local character equal c to 3
creates local character equal c to 53
define local character equal c to 87
defines local character equal c to 81
declare local character equal c to 52
declares local character equal c to 58
set local character equal c to 43
sets local character equal c to 13
create character equal c to 25
creates character equal c to 70
define character equal c to 7
defines character equal c to 43
declare character equal c to 82
declares character equal c to 68
set character equal c to 75
sets character equal c to 83
create global characters equal characters0 to 76
creates global characters equal characters0 to 48
define global characters equal characters0 to 28
defines global characters equal characters0 to 47
declare global characters equal characters0 to 47
declares global characters equal characters0 to 97
set global characters equal characters0 to 21
sets global characters equal characters0 to 70
create local characters equal characters0 to 32
creates local characters equal characters0 to 83
define local characters equal characters0 to 19
defines local characters equal characters0 to 13
declare local characters equal characters0 to 97
declares local characters equal characters0 to 18
set local characters equal characters0 to 74
sets local characters equal characters0 to 48
create characters equal characters0 to 33
creates characters equal characters0 to 74
define characters equal characters0 to 24
defines characters equal characters0 to 23
declare characters equal characters0 to 13
declares characters equal characters0 to 24
set characters equal characters0 to 16
sets characters equal characters0 to 89
create global characters equal characters1 to 23
creates global characters equal characters1 to 71
define global characters equal characters1 to 40
defines global characters equal characters1 to 24
declare global characters equal characters1 to 90
declares global characters equal characters1 to 89
set global characters equal characters1 to 90
sets global characters equal characters1 to 53
create local characters equal characters1 to 62
creates local characters equal characters1 to 74
define local characters equal characters1 to 48
defines local characters equal characters1 to 10
declare local characters equal characters1 to 20
declares local characters equal characters1 to 70
set local characters equal characters1 to 75
sets local characters equal characters1 to 88
create characters equal characters1 to 47
creates characters equal characters1 to 59
define characters equal characters1 to 24
defines characters equal characters1 to 28
declare characters equal characters1 to 10
declares characters equal characters1 to 34
set characters equal characters1 to 18
sets characters equal characters1 to 70
create global characters equal characters2 to 90
creates global characters equal characters2 to 16
define global characters equal characters2 to 52
defines global characters equal characters2 to 81
declare global characters equal characters2 to 7
declares global characters equal characters2 to 78
set global characters equal characters2 to 34
sets global characters equal characters2 to 15
create local characters equal characters2 to 70
creates local characters equal characters2 to 37
define local characters equal characters2 to 10
defines local characters equal characters2 to 52
declare local characters equal characters2 to 29
declares local characters equal characters2 to 73
set local characters equal characters2 to 74
sets local characters equal characters2 to 44
create characters equal characters2 to 48
creates characters equal characters2 to 4
define characters equal characters2 to 35
defines characters equal characters2 to 49
declare characters equal characters2 to 71
declares characters equal characters2 to 32
set characters equal characters2 to 91
sets characters equal characters2 to 70
create global characters equal i to 30
creates global characters equal i to 2
define global characters equal i to 36
defines global characters equal i to 69
declare global characters equal i to 28
declares global characters equal i to 91
set global characters equal i to 65
sets global characters equal i to 90
create local characters equal i to 97
creates local characters equal i to 6
define local characters equal i to 41
defines local characters equal i to 25
declare local characters equal i to 94
declares local characters equal i to 3
set local characters equal i to 16
sets local characters equal i to 29
create characters equal i to 60
creates characters equal i to 99
define characters equal i to 16
defines characters equal i to 37
declare characters equal i to 58
declares characters equal i to 81
set characters equal i to 87
sets characters equal i to 3
create global characters equal j to 77
creates global characters equal j to 82
define global characters equal j to 58
defines global characters equal j to 81
declare global characters equal j to 45
declares global characters equal j to 90
set global characters equal j to 50
sets global characters equal j to 67
create local characters equal j to 55
creates local characters equal j to 18
define local characters equal j to 26
defines local characters equal j to 45
declare local characters equal j to 30
declares local characters equal j to 88
set local characters equal j to 69
sets local characters equal j to 73
create characters equal j to 43
creates characters equal j to 45
define characters equal j to 98
defines characters equal j to 83
declare characters equal j to 85
declares characters equal j to 44
set characters equal j to 27
sets characters equal j to 13
create global characters equal k to 54
creates global characters equal k to 81
define global characters equal k to 83
defines global characters equal k to 44
declare global characters equal k to 9
declares global characters equal k to 63
set global characters equal k to 50
sets global characters equal k to 7
create local characters equal k to 91
creates local characters equal k to 5
define local characters equal k to 88
defines local characters equal k to 37
declare local characters equal k to 36
declares local characters equal k to 49
set local characters equal k to 64
sets local characters equal k to 29
create characters equal k to 58
creates characters equal k to 44
define characters equal k to 43
defines characters equal k to 43
declare characters equal k to 23
declares characters equal k to 79
set characters equal k to 21
sets characters equal k to 33
create global characters equal a to 36
creates global characters equal a to 24
define global characters equal a to 38
defines global characters equal a to 75
declare global characters equal a to 63
declares global characters equal a to 18
set global characters equal a to 24
sets global characters equal a to 70
create local characters equal a to 59
creates local characters equal a to 47
define local characters equal a to 67
defines local characters equal a to 86
declare local characters equal a to 85
declares local characters equal a to 32
set local characters equal a to 3
sets local characters equal a to 64
create characters equal a to 57
creates characters equal a to 1
define characters equal a to 24
defines characters equal a to 64
declare characters equal a to 30
declares characters equal a to 90
set characters equal a to 62
sets characters equal a to 2
create global characters equal b to 80
creates global characters equal b to 70
define global characters equal b to 30
defines global characters equal b to 13
declare global characters equal b to 98
declares global characters equal b to 95
set global characters equal b to 36
sets global characters equal b to 13
create local characters equal b to 50
creates local characters equal b to 75
define local characters equal b to 33
defines local characters equal b to 92
declare local characters equal b to 25
declares local characters equal b to 26
set local characters equal b to 55
sets local characters equal b to 58
create characters equal b to 81
creates characters equal b to 62
define characters equal b to 63
defines characters equal b to 39
declare characters equal b to 19
declares characters equal b to 15
set characters equal b to 55
sets characters equal b to 8
create global characters equal c to 51
creates global characters equal c to 63
define global characters equal c to 74
defines global characters equal c to 31
declare global characters equal c to 4
declares global characters equal c to 1
set global characters equal c to 56
sets global characters equal c to 88
create local characters equal c to 56
creates local characters equal c to 69
define local characters equal c to 77
defines local characters equal c to 2
declare local characters equal c to 33
declares local characters equal c to 73
set local characters equal c to 72
sets local characters equal c to 42
create characters equal c to 97
creates characters equal c to 29
define characters equal c to 85
defines characters equal c to 80
declare characters equal c to 63
declares characters equal c to 78
set characters equal c to 4
sets characters equal c to 23
create global char equal char0 to 31
creates global char equal char0 to 41
define global char equal char0 to 37
defines global char equal char0 to 55
declare global char equal char0 to 83
declares global char equal char0 to 79
set global char equal char0 to 8
sets global char equal char0 to 47
create local char equal char0 to 69
creates local char equal char0 to 64
define local char equal char0 to 4
defines local char equal char0 to 20
declare local char equal char0 to 65
declares local char equal char0 to 3
set local char equal char0 to 47
sets local char equal char0 to 21
create char equal char0 to 75
creates char equal char0 to 58
define char equal char0 to 99
defines char equal char0 to 33
declare char equal char0 to 39
declares char equal char0 to 67
set char equal char0 to 12
sets char equal char0 to 75
create global char equal char1 to 46
creates global char equal char1 to 88
define global char equal char1 to 78
defines global char equal char1 to 32
declare global char equal char1 to 86
declares global char equal char1 to 31
set global char equal char1 to 47
sets global char equal char1 to 67
create local char equal char1 to 60
creates local char equal char1 to 20
define local char equal char1 to 3
defines local char equal char1 to 6
declare local char equal char1 to 28
declares local char equal char1 to 21
set local char equal char1 to 58
sets local char equal char1 to 26
create char equal char1 to 50
creates char equal char1 to 78
define char equal char1 to 98
defines char equal char1 to 46
declare char equal char1 to 67
declares char equal char1 to 8
set char equal char1 to 22
sets char equal char1 to 42
create global char equal char2 to 97
creates global char equal char2 to 14
define global char equal char2 to 99
defines global char equal char2 to 4
declare global char equal char2 to 41
declares global char equal char2 to 82
set global char equal char2 to 84
sets global char equal char2 to 96
create local char equal char2 to 0
creates local char equal char2 to 39
define local char equal char2 to 25
defines local char equal char2 to 46
declare local char equal char2 to 91
declares local char equal char2 to 5
set local char equal char2 to 96
sets local char equal char2 to 27
create char equal char2 to 30
creates char equal char2 to 85
define char equal char2 to 90
defines char equal char2 to 57
declare char equal char2 to 97
declares char equal char2 to 80
set char equal char2 to 27
sets char equal char2 to 17
create global char equal i to 51
creates global char equal i to 51
define global char equal i to 80
defines global char equal i to 94
declare global char equal i to 74
declares global char equal i to 72
set global char equal i to 28
sets global char equal i to 50
create local char equal i to 6
creates local char equal i to 59
define local char equal i to 55
defines local char equal i to 23
declare local char equal i to 42
declares local char equal i to 47
set local char equal i to 70
sets local char equal i to 27
create char equal i to 19
creates char equal i to 30
define char equal i to 72
defines char equal i to 45
declare char equal i to 87
declares char equal i to 38
set char equal i to 46
sets char equal i to 35
create global char equal j to 52
creates global char equal j to 55
define global char equal j to 21
defines global char equal j to 45
declare global char equal j to 52
declares global char equal j to 2
set global char equal j to 29
sets global char equal j to 96
create local char equal j to 46
creates local char equal j to 39
define local char equal j to 61
defines local char equal j to 8
declare local char equal j to 55
declares local char equal j to 85
set local char equal j to 75
sets local char equal j to 40
create char equal j to 5
creates char equal j to 76
define char equal j to 31
defines char equal j to 48
declare char equal j to 54
declares char equal j to 87
set char equal j to 89
sets char equal j to 65
create global char equal k to 22
creates global char equal k to 24
define global char equal k to 68
defines global char equal k to 12
declare global char equal k to 27
declares global char equal k to 97
set global char equal k to 9
sets global char equal k to 93
create local char equal k to 74
creates local char equal k to 44
define local char equal k to 63
defines local char equal k to 76
declare local char equal k to 3
declares local char equal k to 3
set local char equal k to 88
sets local char equal k to 90
create char equal k to 43
creates char equal k to 100
define char equal k to 36
defines char equal k to 20
declare char equal k to 50
declares char equal k to 72
set char equal k to 52
sets char equal k to 72
create global char equal a to 100
creates global char equal a to 92
define global char equal a to 72
defines global char equal a to 16
declare global char equal a to 66
declares global char equal a to 21
set global char equal a to 27
sets global char equal a to 4
create local char equal a to 80
creates local char equal a to 4
define local char equal a to 33
defines local char equal a to 49
declare local char equal a to 27
declares local char equal a to 9
set local char equal a to 86
sets local char equal a to 0
create char equal a to 51
creates char equal a to 19
define char equal a to 78
defines char equal a to 47
declare char equal a to 6
declares char equal a to 53
set char equal a to 26
sets char equal a to 58
create global char equal b to 43
creates global char equal b to 54
define global char equal b to 62
defines global char equal b to 11
declare global char equal b to 16
declares global char equal b to 12
set global char equal b to 91
sets global char equal b to 59
create local char equal b to 10
creates local char equal b to 43
define local char equal b to 40
defines local char equal b to 82
declare local char equal b to 71
declares local char equal b to 81
set local char equal b to 26
sets local char equal b to 86
create char equal b to 18
creates char equal b to 35
define char equal b to 8
defines char equal b to 51
declare char equal b to 78
declares char equal b to 7
set char equal b to 81
sets char equal b to 21
create global char equal c to 40
creates global char equal c to 53
define global char equal c to 57
defines global char equal c to 16
declare global char equal c to 90
declares global char equal c to 62
set global char equal c to 25
sets global char equal c to 91
create local char equal c to 26
creates local char equal c to 14
define local char equal c to 94
defines local char equal c to 71
declare local char equal c to 78
declares local char equal c to 93
set local char equal c to 6
sets local char equal c to 79
create char equal c to 81
creates char equal c to 28
define char equal c to 65
defines char equal c to 86
declare char equal c to 47
declares char equal c to 73
set char equal c to 54
sets char equal c to 96
create global chars equal chars0 to 43
creates global chars equal chars0 to 59
define global chars equal chars0 to 47
defines global chars equal chars0 to 56
declare global chars equal chars0 to 59
declares global chars equal chars0 to 25
set global chars equal chars0 to 98
sets global chars equal chars0 to 97
create local chars equal chars0 to 49
creates local chars equal chars0 to 47
define local chars equal chars0 to 92
defines local chars equal chars0 to 47
declare local chars equal chars0 to 87
declares local chars equal chars0 to 13
set local chars equal chars0 to 46
sets local chars equal chars0 to 46
create chars equal chars0 to 23
creates chars equal chars0 to 86
define chars equal chars0 to 80
defines chars equal chars0 to 32
declare chars equal chars0 to 11
declares chars equal chars0 to 98
set chars equal chars0 to 76
sets chars equal chars0 to 86
create global chars equal chars1 to 28
creates global chars equal chars1 to 47
define global chars equal chars1 to 25
defines global chars equal chars1 to 81
declare global chars equal chars1 to 93
declares global chars equal chars1 to 64
set global chars equal chars1 to 49
sets global chars equal chars1 to 99
create local chars equal chars1 to 85
creates local chars equal chars1 to 69
define local chars equal chars1 to 43
defines local chars equal chars1 to 83
declare local chars equal chars1 to 37
declares local chars equal chars1 to 26
set local chars equal chars1 to 93
sets local chars equal chars1 to 27
create chars equal chars1 to 23
creates chars equal chars1 to 39
define chars equal chars1 to 43
defines chars equal chars1 to 19
declare chars equal chars1 to 45
declares chars equal chars1 to 87
set chars equal chars1 to 73
sets chars equal chars1 to 22
create global chars equal chars2 to 92
creates global chars equal chars2 to 100
define global chars equal chars2 to 33
defines global chars equal chars2 to 61
declare global chars equal chars2 to 39
declares global chars equal chars2 to 87
set global chars equal chars2 to 42
sets global chars equal chars2 to 26
create local chars equal chars2 to 60
creates local chars equal chars2 to 79
define local chars equal chars2 to 78
defines local chars equal chars2 to 52
declare local chars equal chars2 to 25
declares local chars equal chars2 to 81
set local chars equal chars2 to 8
sets local chars equal chars2 to 43
create chars equal chars2 to 15
creates chars equal chars2 to 47
define chars equal chars2 to 81
defines chars equal chars2 to 81
declare chars equal chars2 to 20
declares chars equal chars2 to 45
set chars equal chars2 to 63
sets chars equal chars2 to 88
create global chars equal i to 16
creates global chars equal i to 86
define global chars equal i to 16
defines global chars equal i to 27
declare global chars equal i to 28
declares global chars equal i to 24
set global chars equal i to 92
sets global chars equal i to 65
create local chars equal i to 24
creates local chars equal i to 28
define local chars equal i to 31
defines local chars equal i to 76
declare local chars equal i to 26
declares local chars equal i to 40
set local chars equal i to 81
sets local chars equal i to 86
create chars equal i to 43
creates chars equal i to 14
define chars equal i to 32
defines chars equal i to 31
declare chars equal i to 89
declares chars equal i to 49
set chars equal i to 56
sets chars equal i to 79
create global chars equal j to 53
creates global chars equal j to 1
define global chars equal j to 82
defines global chars equal j to 13
declare global chars equal j to 15
declares global chars equal j to 20
set global chars equal j to 20
sets global chars equal j to 8
create local chars equal j to 1
creates local chars equal j to 46
define local chars equal j to 98
defines local chars equal j to 89
declare local chars equal j to 37
declares local chars equal j to 63
set local chars equal j to 63
sets local chars equal j to 35
create chars equal j to 89
creates chars equal j to 50
define chars equal j to 61
defines chars equal j to 14
declare chars equal j to 57
declares chars equal j to 89
set chars equal j to 11
sets chars equal j to 6
create global chars equal k to 32
creates global chars equal k to 27
define global chars equal k to 62
defines global chars equal k to 58
declare global chars equal k to 95
declares global chars equal k to 57
set global chars equal k to 100
sets global chars equal k to 53
create local chars equal k to 50
creates local chars equal k to 35
define local chars equal k to 37
defines local chars equal k to 52
declare local chars equal k to 20
declares local chars equal k to 37
set local chars equal k to 24
sets local chars equal k to 47
create chars equal k to 92
creates chars equal k to 96
define chars equal k to 64
defines chars equal k to 19
declare chars equal k to 62
declares chars equal k to 70
set chars equal k to 58
sets chars equal k to 68
create global chars equal a to 41
creates global chars equal a to 5
define global chars equal a to 62
defines global chars equal a to 37
declare global chars equal a to 10
declares global chars equal a to 8
set global chars equal a to 2
sets global chars equal a to 51
create local chars equal a to 92
creates local chars equal a to 28
define local chars equal a to 57
defines local chars equal a to 20
declare local chars equal a to 88
declares local chars equal a to 90
set local chars equal a to 55
sets local chars equal a to 74
create chars equal a to 12
creates chars equal a to 42
define chars equal a to 92
defines chars equal a to 9
declare chars equal a to 65
declares chars equal a to 18
set chars equal a to 53
sets chars equal a to 64
create global chars equal b to 58
creates global chars equal b to 55
define global chars equal b to 13
defines global chars equal b to 94
declare global chars equal b to 94
declares global chars equal b to 47
set global chars equal b to 74
sets global chars equal b to 26
create local chars equal b to 39
creates local chars equal b to 65
define local chars equal b to 8
defines local chars equal b to 20
declare local chars equal b to 5
declares local chars equal b to 29
set local chars equal b to 30
sets local chars equal b to 21
create chars equal b to 10
creates chars equal b to 37
define chars equal b to 70
defines chars equal b to 11
declare chars equal b to 33
declares chars equal b to 21
set chars equal b to 87
sets chars equal b to 72
create global chars equal c to 3
creates global chars equal c to 52
define global chars equal c to 29
defines global chars equal c to 18
declare global chars equal c to 36
declares global chars equal c to 45
set global chars equal c to 80
sets global chars equal c to 96
create local chars equal c to 27
creates local chars equal c to 71
define local chars equal c to 85
defines local chars equal c to 17
declare local chars equal c to 82
declares local chars equal c to 28
set local chars equal c to 16
sets local chars equal c to 20
create chars equal c to 29
creates chars equal c to 59
define chars equal c to 12
defines chars equal c to 10
declare chars equal c to 36
declares chars equal c to 14
set chars equal c to 46
sets chars equal c to 85
create global string equal string0 to 89
creates global string equal string0 to 70
define global string equal string0 to 70
defines global string equal string0 to 5
declare global string equal string0 to 74
declares global string equal string0 to 98
set global string equal string0 to 8
sets global string equal string0 to 61
create local string equal string0 to 36
creates local string equal string0 to 20
define local string equal string0 to 73
defines local string equal string0 to 84
declare local string equal string0 to 52
declares local string equal string0 to 67
set local string equal string0 to 59
sets local string equal string0 to 26
create string equal string0 to 56
creates string equal string0 to 97
define string equal string0 to 86
defines string equal string0 to 98
declare string equal string0 to 33
declares string equal string0 to 39
set string equal string0 to 73
sets string equal string0 to 87
create global string equal string1 to 31
creates global string equal string1 to 32
define global string equal string1 to 61
defines global string equal string1 to 76
declare global string equal string1 to 25
declares global string equal string1 to 94
set global string equal string1 to 95
sets global string equal string1 to 43
create local string equal string1 to 0
creates local string equal string1 to 57
define local string equal string1 to 25
defines local string equal string1 to 46
declare local string equal string1 to 89
declares local string equal string1 to 12
set local string equal string1 to 92
sets local string equal string1 to 34
create string equal string1 to 49
creates string equal string1 to 57
define string equal string1 to 24
defines string equal string1 to 85
declare string equal string1 to 66
declares string equal string1 to 38
set string equal string1 to 51
sets string equal string1 to 37
create global string equal string2 to 86
creates global string equal string2 to 92
define global string equal string2 to 51
defines global string equal string2 to 22
declare global string equal string2 to 70
declares global string equal string2 to 89
set global string equal string2 to 13
sets global string equal string2 to 61
create local string equal string2 to 10
creates local string equal string2 to 14
define local string equal string2 to 58
defines local string equal string2 to 99
declare local string equal string2 to 96
declares local string equal string2 to 20
set local string equal string2 to 33
sets local string equal string2 to 99
create string equal string2 to 4
creates string equal string2 to 26
define string equal string2 to 74
defines string equal string2 to 21
declare string equal string2 to 88
declares string equal string2 to 86
set string equal string2 to 75
sets string equal string2 to 78
create global string equal i to 3
creates global string equal i to 66
define global string equal i to 30
defines global string equal i to 97
declare global string equal i to 78
declares global string equal i to 31
set global string equal i to 34
sets global string equal i to 9
create local string equal i to 81
creates local string equal i to 69
define local string equal i to 23
defines local string equal i to 53
declare local string equal i to 85
declares local string equal i to 47
set local string equal i to 34
sets local string equal i to 62
create string equal i to 56
creates string equal i to 44
define string equal i to 25
defines string equal i to 99
declare string equal i to 58
declares string equal i to 75
set string equal i to 81
sets string equal i to 31
create global string equal j to 44
creates global string equal j to 40
define global string equal j to 4
defines global string equal j to 44
declare global string equal j to 5
declares global string equal j to 42
set global string equal j to 26
sets global string equal j to 93
create local string equal j to 40
creates local string equal j to 23
define local string equal j to 13
defines local string equal j to 46
declare local string equal j to 2
declares local string equal j to 26
set local string equal j to 89
sets local string equal j to 39
create string equal j to 40
creates string equal j to 62
define string equal j to 90
defines string equal j to 31
declare string equal j to 41
declares string equal j to 34
set string equal j to 64
sets string equal j to 77
create global string equal k to 20
creates global string equal k to 71
define global string equal k to 20
defines global string equal k to 33
declare global string equal k to 9
declares global string equal k to 70
set global string equal k to 76
sets global string equal k to 25
create local string equal k to 94
creates local string equal k to 86
define local string equal k to 32
defines local string equal k to 97
declare local string equal k to 7
declares local string equal k to 90
set local string equal k to 15
sets local string equal k to 85
create string equal k to 79
creates string equal k to 38
define string equal k to 34
defines string equal k to 8
declare string equal k to 18
declares string equal k to 12
set string equal k to 44
sets string equal k to 81
create global string equal a to 94
creates global string equal a to 63
define global string equal a to 36
defines global string equal a to 99
declare global string equal a to 61
declares global string equal a to 37
set global string equal a to 28
sets global string equal a to 54
create local string equal a to 68
creates local string equal a to 85
define local string equal a to 51
defines local string equal a to 17
declare local string equal a to 41
declares local string equal a to 79
set local string equal a to 3
sets local string equal a to 59
create string equal a to 16
creates string equal a to 33
define string equal a to 0
defines string equal a to 30
declare string equal a to 20
declares string equal a to 10
set string equal a to 85
sets string equal a to 42
create global string equal b to 93
creates global string equal b to 92
define global string equal b to 59
defines global string equal b to 22
declare global string equal b to 77
declares global string equal b to 59
set global string equal b to 4
sets global string equal b to 57
create local string equal b to 72
creates local string equal b to 36
define local string equal b to 26
defines local string equal b to 53
declare local string equal b to 24
declares local string equal b to 85
set local string equal b to 33
sets local string equal b to 50
create string equal b to 80
creates string equal b to 1
define string equal b to 75
defines string equal b to 2
declare string equal b to 76
declares string equal b to 30
set string equal b to 0
sets string equal b to 87
create global string equal c to 80
creates global string equal c to 55
define global string equal c to 47
defines global string equal c to 57
declare global string equal c to 60
declares global string equal c to 45
set global string equal c to 98
sets global string equal c to 41
create local string equal c to 13
creates local string equal c to 4
define local string equal c to 50
defines local string equal c to 83
declare local string equal c to 61
declares local string equal c to 75
set local string equal c to 68
sets local string equal c to 16
create string equal c to 57
creates string equal c to 19
define string equal c to 97
defines string equal c to 39
declare string equal c to 35
declares string equal c to 30
set string equal c to 18
sets string equal c to 75
create global strings equal strings0 to 99
creates global strings equal strings0 to 64
define global strings equal strings0 to 74
defines global strings equal strings0 to 8
declare global strings equal strings0 to 64
declares global strings equal strings0 to 48
set global strings equal strings0 to 83
sets global strings equal strings0 to 62
create local strings equal strings0 to 45
creates local strings equal strings0 to 58
define local strings equal strings0 to 57
defines local strings equal strings0 to 6
declare local strings equal strings0 to 96
declares local strings equal strings0 to 35
set local strings equal strings0 to 98
sets local strings equal strings0 to 2
create strings equal strings0 to 39
creates strings equal strings0 to 91
define strings equal strings0 to 44
defines strings equal strings0 to 100
declare strings equal strings0 to 22
declares strings equal strings0 to 82
set strings equal strings0 to 11
sets strings equal strings0 to 60
create global strings equal strings1 to 61
creates global strings equal strings1 to 65
define global strings equal strings1 to 94
defines global strings equal strings1 to 61
declare global strings equal strings1 to 72
declares global strings equal strings1 to 22
set global strings equal strings1 to 92
sets global strings equal strings1 to 6
create local strings equal strings1 to 19
creates local strings equal strings1 to 84
define local strings equal strings1 to 9
defines local strings equal strings1 to 12
declare local strings equal strings1 to 55
declares local strings equal strings1 to 19
set local strings equal strings1 to 42
sets local strings equal strings1 to 95
create strings equal strings1 to 80
creates strings equal strings1 to 42
define strings equal strings1 to 22
defines strings equal strings1 to 63
declare strings equal strings1 to 85
declares strings equal strings1 to 93
set strings equal strings1 to 16
sets strings equal strings1 to 47
create global strings equal strings2 to 13
creates global strings equal strings2 to 25
define global strings equal strings2 to 7
defines global strings equal strings2 to 95
declare global strings equal strings2 to 21
declares global strings equal strings2 to 45
set global strings equal strings2 to 69
sets global strings equal strings2 to 57
create local strings equal strings2 to 24
creates local strings equal strings2 to 95
define local strings equal strings2 to 92
defines local strings equal strings2 to 57
declare local strings equal strings2 to 4
declares local strings equal strings2 to 12
set local strings equal strings2 to 64
sets local strings equal strings2 to 76
create strings equal strings2 to 86
creates strings equal strings2 to 38
define strings equal strings2 to 31
defines strings equal strings2 to 20
declare strings equal strings2 to 0
declares strings equal strings2 to 63
set strings equal strings2 to 12
sets strings equal strings2 to 27
create global strings equal i to 25
creates global strings equal i to 54
define global strings equal i to 85
defines global strings equal i to 46
declare global strings equal i to 64
declares global strings equal i to 38
set global strings equal i to 59
sets global strings equal i to 52
create local strings equal i to 39
creates local strings equal i to 67
define local strings equal i to 17
defines local strings equal i to 97
declare local strings equal i to 30
declares local strings equal i to 84
set local strings equal i to 91
sets local strings equal i to 32
create strings equal i to 63
creates strings equal i to 66
define strings equal i to 9
defines strings equal i to 48
declare strings equal i to 31
declares strings equal i to 27
set strings equal i to 33
sets strings equal i to 44
create global strings equal j to 5
creates global strings equal j to 3
define global strings equal j to 57
defines global strings equal j to 97
declare global strings equal j to 71
declares global strings equal j to 57
set global strings equal j to 62
sets global strings equal j to 46
create local strings equal j to 43
creates local strings equal j to 16
define local strings equal j to 81
defines local strings equal j to 3
declare local strings equal j to 64
declares local strings equal j to 33
set local strings equal j to 40
sets local strings equal j to 86
create strings equal j to 92
creates strings equal j to 55
define strings equal j to 62
defines strings equal j to 50
declare strings equal j to 72
declares strings equal j to 57
set strings equal j to 56
sets strings equal j to 44
create global strings equal k to 14
creates global strings equal k to 64
define global strings equal k to 96
defines global strings equal k to 4
declare global strings equal k to 86
declares global strings equal k to 21
set global strings equal k to 43
sets global strings equal k to 20
create local strings equal k to 47
creates local strings equal k to 43
define local strings equal k to 45
defines local strings equal k to 99
declare local strings equal k to 47
declares local strings equal k to 99
set local strings equal k to 82
sets local strings equal k to 80
create strings equal k to 5
creates strings equal k to 14
define strings equal k to 15
defines strings equal k to 25
declare strings equal k to 81
declares strings equal k to 44
set strings equal k to 64
sets strings equal k to 77
create global strings equal a to 92
creates global strings equal a to 45
define global strings equal a to 83
defines global strings equal a to 68
declare global strings equal a to 69
declares global strings equal a to 98
set global strings equal a to 62
sets global strings equal a to 80
create local strings equal a to 36
creates local strings equal a to 41
define local strings equal a to 0
defines local strings equal a to 53
declare local strings equal a to 67
declares local strings equal a to 95
set local strings equal a to 8
sets local strings equal a to 95
create strings equal a to 28
creates strings equal a to 47
define strings equal a to 55
defines strings equal a to 59
declare strings equal a to 55
declares strings equal a to 93
set strings equal a to 64
sets strings equal a to 59
create global strings equal b to 53
creates global strings equal b to 28
define global strings equal b to 21
defines global strings equal b to 56
declare global strings equal b to 98
declares global strings equal b to 74
set global strings equal b to 30
sets global strings equal b to 79
create local strings equal b to 20
creates local strings equal b to 56
define local strings equal b to 67
defines local strings equal b to 40
declare local strings equal b to 70
declares local strings equal b to 12
set local strings equal b to 38
sets local strings equal b to 75
create strings equal b to 10
creates strings equal b to 48
define strings equal b to 58
defines strings equal b to 1
declare strings equal b to 4
declares strings equal b to 98
set strings equal b to 55
sets strings equal b to 75
create global strings equal c to 42
creates global strings equal c to 54
define global strings equal c to 63
defines global strings equal c to 26
declare global strings equal c to 39
declares global strings equal c to 66
set global strings equal c to 91
sets global strings equal c to 1
create local strings equal c to 73
creates local strings equal c to 76
define local strings equal c to 31
defines local strings equal c to 79
declare local strings equal c to 63
declares local strings equal c to 49
set local strings equal c to 79
sets local strings equal c to 58
create strings equal c to 75
creates strings equal c to 35
define strings equal c to 28
defines strings equal c to 23
declare strings equal c to 67
declares strings equal c to 84
set strings equal c to 12
sets strings equal c to 1
create global str equal str0 to 27
creates global str equal str0 to 9
define global str equal str0 to 84
defines global str equal str0 to 52
declare global str equal str0 to 77
declares global str equal str0 to 20
set global str equal str0 to 1
sets global str equal str0 to 83
create local str equal str0 to 52
creates local str equal str0 to 3
define local str equal str0 to 50
defines local str equal str0 to 46
declare local str equal str0 to 18
declares local str equal str0 to 73
set local str equal str0 to 75
sets local str equal str0 to 66
create str equal str0 to 50
creates str equal str0 to 49
define str equal str0 to 23
defines str equal str0 to 33
declare str equal str0 to 98
declares str equal str0 to 32
set str equal str0 to 59
sets str equal str0 to 47
create global str equal str1 to 49
creates global str equal str1 to 58
define global str equal str1 to 20
defines global str equal str1 to 99
declare global str equal str1 to 17
declares global str equal str1 to 18
set global str equal str1 to 32
sets global str equal str1 to 47
create local str equal str1 to 29
creates local str equal str1 to 68
define local str equal str1 to 81
defines local str equal str1 to 14
declare local str equal str1 to 51
declares local str equal str1 to 36
set local str equal str1 to 27
sets local str equal str1 to 19
create str equal str1 to 5
creates str equal str1 to 64
define str equal str1 to 59
defines str equal str1 to 48
declare str equal str1 to 1
declares str equal str1 to 76
set str equal str1 to 4
sets str equal str1 to 55
create global str equal str2 to 94
creates global str equal str2 to 47
define global str equal str2 to 79
defines global str equal str2 to 44
declare global str equal str2 to 63
declares global str equal str2 to 1
set global str equal str2 to 99
sets global str equal str2 to 9
create local str equal str2 to 15
creates local str equal str2 to 13
define local str equal str2 to 77
defines local str equal str2 to 21
declare local str equal str2 to 25
declares local str equal str2 to 96
set local str equal str2 to 44
sets local str equal str2 to 62
create str equal str2 to 1
creates str equal str2 to 34
define str equal str2 to 18
defines str equal str2 to 3
declare str equal str2 to 88
declares str equal str2 to 59
set str equal str2 to 79
sets str equal str2 to 55
create global str equal i to 71
creates global str equal i to 15
define global str equal i to 54
defines global str equal i to 74
declare global str equal i to 72
declares global str equal i to 17
set global str equal i to 47
sets global str equal i to 59
create local str equal i to 36
creates local str equal i to 76
define local str equal i to 45
defines local str equal i to 5
declare local str equal i to 82
declares local str equal i to 57
set local str equal i to 68
sets local str equal i to 66
create str equal i to 64
creates str equal i to 4
define str equal i to 25
defines str equal i to 24
declare str equal i to 8
declares str equal i to 82
set str equal i to 89
sets str equal i to 83
create global str equal j to 60
creates global str equal j to 88
define global str equal j to 89
defines global str equal j to 70
declare global str equal j to 7
declares global str equal j to 100
set global str equal j to 88
sets global str equal j to 81
create local str equal j to 82
creates local str equal j to 40
define local str equal j to 38
defines local str equal j to 4
declare local str equal j to 42
declares local str equal j to 33
set local str equal j to 41
sets local str equal j to 53
create str equal j to 63
creates str equal j to 6
define str equal j to 22
defines str equal j to 98
declare str equal j to 42
declares str equal j to 41
set str equal j to 39
sets str equal j to 44
create global str equal k to 43
creates global str equal k to 93
define global str equal k to 88
defines global str equal k to 15
declare global str equal k to 31
declares global str equal k to 21
set global str equal k to 8
sets global str equal k to 50
create local str equal k to 29
creates local str equal k to 96
define local str equal k to 47
defines local str equal k to 69
declare local str equal k to 6
declares local str equal k to 67
set local str equal k to 33
sets local str equal k to 27
create str equal k to 77
creates str equal k to 91
define str equal k to 95
defines str equal k to 15
declare str equal k to 70
declares str equal k to 33
set str equal k to 48
sets str equal k to 62
create global str equal a to 12
creates global str equal a to 78
define global str equal a to 15
defines global str equal a to 24
declare global str equal a to 11
declares global str equal a to 39
set global str equal a to 66
sets global str equal a to 89
create local str equal a to 57
creates local str equal a to 13
define local str equal a to 43
defines local str equal a to 98
declare local str equal a to 96
declares local str equal a to 89
set local str equal a to 9
sets local str equal a to 84
create str equal a to 88
creates str equal a to 9
define str equal a to 52
defines str equal a to 98
declare str equal a to 83
declares str equal a to 78
set str equal a to 85
sets str equal a to 80
create global str equal b to 6
creates global str equal b to 64
define global str equal b to 70
defines global str equal b to 92
declare global str equal b to 45
declares global str equal b to 41
set global str equal b to 38
sets global str equal b to 77
create local str equal b to 25
creates local str equal b to 72
define local str equal b to 22
defines local str equal b to 7
declare local str equal b to 82
declares local str equal b to 21
set local str equal b to 96
sets local str equal b to 53
create str equal b to 34
creates str equal b to 83
define str equal b to 7
defines str equal b to 49
declare str equal b to 47
declares str equal b to 12
set str equal b to 92
sets str equal b to 43
create global str equal c to 84
creates global str equal c to 48
define global str equal c to 27
defines global str equal c to 20
declare global str equal c to 31
declares global str equal c to 2
set global str equal c to 12
sets global str equal c to 53
create local str equal c to 40
creates local str equal c to 82
define local str equal c to 15
defines local str equal c to 9
declare local str equal c to 11
declares local str equal c to 19
set local str equal c to 70
sets local str equal c to 18
create str equal c to 48
creates str equal c to 87
define str equal c to 89
defines str equal c to 99
declare str equal c to 95
declares str equal c to 91
set str equal c to 8
sets str equal c to 30
create global strs equal strs0 to 25
creates global strs equal strs0 to 21
define global strs equal strs0 to 51
defines global strs equal strs0 to 35
declare global strs equal strs0 to 91
declares global strs equal strs0 to 72
set global strs equal strs0 to 69
sets global strs equal strs0 to 53
create local strs equal strs0 to 13
creates local strs equal strs0 to 9
define local strs equal strs0 to 46
defines local strs equal strs0 to 55
declare local strs equal strs0 to 56
declares local strs equal strs0 to 62
set local strs equal strs0 to 44
sets local strs equal strs0 to 14
create strs equal strs0 to 39
creates strs equal strs0 to 12
define strs equal strs0 to 39
defines strs equal strs0 to 24
declare strs equal strs0 to 93
declares strs equal strs0 to 14
set strs equal strs0 to 24
sets strs equal strs0 to 36
create global strs equal strs1 to 95
creates global strs equal strs1 to 70
define global strs equal strs1 to 96
defines global strs equal strs1 to 74
declare global strs equal strs1 to 46
declares global strs equal strs1 to 82
set global strs equal strs1 to 50
sets global strs equal strs1 to 48
create local strs equal strs1 to 42
creates local strs equal strs1 to 28
define local strs equal strs1 to 75
defines local strs equal strs1 to 55
declare local strs equal strs1 to 42
declares local strs equal strs1 to 81
set local strs equal strs1 to 85
sets local strs equal strs1 to 94
create strs equal strs1 to 25
creates strs equal strs1 to 89
define strs equal strs1 to 61
defines strs equal strs1 to 74
declare strs equal strs1 to 24
declares strs equal strs1 to 9
set strs equal strs1 to 26
sets strs equal strs1 to 47
create global strs equal strs2 to 23
creates global strs equal strs2 to 64
define global strs equal strs2 to 13
defines global strs equal strs2 to 56
declare global strs equal strs2 to 88
declares global strs equal strs2 to 31
set global strs equal strs2 to 69
sets global strs equal strs2 to 97
create local strs equal strs2 to 41
creates local strs equal strs2 to 28
define local strs equal strs2 to 10
defines local strs equal strs2 to 77
declare local strs equal strs2 to 20
declares local strs equal strs2 to 20
set local strs equal strs2 to 8
sets local strs equal strs2 to 13
create strs equal strs2 to 71
creates strs equal strs2 to 53
define strs equal strs2 to 87
defines strs equal strs2 to 62
declare strs equal strs2 to 52
declares strs equal strs2 to 81
set strs equal strs2 to 18
sets strs equal strs2 to 65
create global strs equal i to 30
creates global strs equal i to 14
define global strs equal i to 91
defines global strs equal i to 0
declare global strs equal i to 54
declares global strs equal i to 68
set global strs equal i to 69
sets global strs equal i to 93
create local strs equal i to 51
creates local strs equal i to 5
define local strs equal i to 22
defines local strs equal i to 3
declare local strs equal i to 87
declares local strs equal i to 48
set local strs equal i to 20
sets local strs equal i to 13
create strs equal i to 36
creates strs equal i to 23
define strs equal i to 64
defines strs equal i to 83
declare strs equal i to 18
declares strs equal i to 14
set strs equal i to 59
sets strs equal i to 44
create global strs equal j to 79
creates global strs equal j to 97
define global strs equal j to 16
defines global strs equal j to 90
declare global strs equal j to 42
declares global strs equal j to 42
set global strs equal j to 33
sets global strs equal j to 13
create local strs equal j to 8
creates local strs equal j to 39
define local strs equal j to 69
defines local strs equal j to 41
declare local strs equal j to 53
declares local strs equal j to 7
set local strs equal j to 58
sets local strs equal j to 0
create strs equal j to 39
creates strs equal j to 24
define strs equal j to 88
defines strs equal j to 47
declare strs equal j to 76
declares strs equal j to 93
set strs equal j to 1
sets strs equal j to 14
create global strs equal k to 20
creates global strs equal k to 66
define global strs equal k to 5
defines global strs equal k to 31
declare global strs equal k to 63
declares global strs equal k to 56
set global strs equal k to 85
sets global strs equal k to 69
create local strs equal k to 9
creates local strs equal k to 72
define local strs equal k to 85
defines local strs equal k to 40
declare local strs equal k to 5
declares local strs equal k to 96
set local strs equal k to 62
sets local strs equal k to 18
create strs equal k to 79
creates strs equal k to 24
define strs equal k to 24
defines strs equal k to 72
declare strs equal k to 29
declares strs equal k to 37
set strs equal k to 54
sets strs equal k to 3
create global strs equal a to 34
creates global strs equal a to 19
define global strs equal a to 54
defines global strs equal a to 66
declare global strs equal a to 39
declares global strs equal a to 96
set global strs equal a to 35
sets global strs equal a to 40
create local strs equal a to 75
creates local strs equal a to 15
define local strs equal a to 91
defines local strs equal a to 9
declare local strs equal a to 87
declares local strs equal a to 12
set local strs equal a to 46
sets local strs equal a to 35
create strs equal a to 31
creates strs equal a to 15
define strs equal a to 14
defines strs equal a to 1
declare strs equal a to 60
declares strs equal a to 24
set strs equal a to 46
sets strs equal a to 79
create global strs equal b to 23
creates global strs equal b to 14
define global strs equal b to 88
defines global strs equal b to 35
declare global strs equal b to 42
declares global strs equal b to 18
set global strs equal b to 10
sets global strs equal b to 77
create local strs equal b to 56
creates local strs equal b to 42
define local strs equal b to 35
defines local strs equal b to 4
declare local strs equal b to 21
declares local strs equal b to 13
set local strs equal b to 51
sets local strs equal b to 88
create strs equal b to 5
creates strs equal b to 69
define strs equal b to 68
defines strs equal b to 57
declare strs equal b to 0
declares strs equal b to 48
set strs equal b to 87
sets strs equal b to 78
create global strs equal c to 38
creates global strs equal c to 41
define global strs equal c to 90
defines global strs equal c to 27
declare global strs equal c to 75
declares global strs equal c to 59
set global strs equal c to 26
sets global strs equal c to 60
create local strs equal c to 96
creates local strs equal c to 64
define local strs equal c to 83
defines local strs equal c to 60
declare local strs equal c to 55
declares local strs equal c to 99
set local strs equal c to 37
sets local strs equal c to 20
create strs equal c to 87
creates strs equal c to 2
define strs equal c to 84
defines strs equal c to 23
declare strs equal c to 68
declares strs equal c to 90
set strs equal c to 17
sets strs equal c to 41
create global text equal text0 to 57
creates global text equal text0 to 77
define global text equal text0 to 31
defines global text equal text0 to 43
declare global text equal text0 to 86
declares global text equal text0 to 14
set global text equal text0 to 45
sets global text equal text0 to 70
create local text equal text0 to 89
creates local text equal text0 to 66
define local text equal text0 to 21
defines local text equal text0 to 66
declare local text equal text0 to 2
declares local text equal text0 to 97
set local text equal text0 to 40
sets local text equal text0 to 3
create text equal text0 to 95
creates text equal text0 to 59
define text equal text0 to 100
defines text equal text0 to 6
declare text equal text0 to 8
declares text equal text0 to 38
set text equal text0 to 69
sets text equal text0 to 20
create global text equal text1 to 79
creates global text equal text1 to 78
define global text equal text1 to 38
defines global text equal text1 to 88
declare global text equal text1 to 1
declares global text equal text1 to 58
set global text equal text1 to 35
sets global text equal text1 to 30
create local text equal text1 to 87
creates local text equal text1 to 6
define local text equal text1 to 57
defines local text equal text1 to 31
declare local text equal text1 to 31
declares local text equal text1 to 59
set local text equal text1 to 0
sets local text equal text1 to 56
create text equal text1 to 88
creates text equal text1 to 15
define text equal text1 to 33
defines text equal text1 to 78
declare text equal text1 to 100
declares text equal text1 to 50
set text equal text1 to 74
sets text equal text1 to 48
create global text equal text2 to 48
creates global text equal text2 to 74
define global text equal text2 to 22
defines global text equal text2 to 23
declare global text equal text2 to 50
declares global text equal text2 to 20
set global text equal text2 to 89
sets global text equal text2 to 86
create local text equal text2 to 68
creates local text equal text2 to 39
define local text equal text2 to 7
defines local text equal text2 to 63
declare local text equal text2 to 8
declares local text equal text2 to 21
set local text equal text2 to 38
sets local text equal text2 to 55
create text equal text2 to 71
creates text equal text2 to 20
define text equal text2 to 64
defines text equal text2 to 67
declare text equal text2 to 51
declares text equal text2 to 94
set text equal text2 to 74
sets text equal text2 to 71
create global text equal i to 34
creates global text equal i to 42
define global text equal i to 54
defines global text equal i to 74
declare global text equal i to 7
declares global text equal i to 80
set global text equal i to 15
sets global text equal i to 91
create local text equal i to 34
creates local text equal i to 89
define local text equal i to 87
defines local text equal i to 65
declare local text equal i to 5
declares local text equal i to 18
set local text equal i to 50
sets local text equal i to 59
create text equal i to 77
creates text equal i to 44
define text equal i to 54
defines text equal i to 94
declare text equal i to 20
declares text equal i to 18
set text equal i to 55
sets text equal i to 41
create global text equal j to 53
creates global text equal j to 19
define global text equal j to 32
defines global text equal j to 27
declare global text equal j to 30
declares global text equal j to 84
set global text equal j to 68
sets global text equal j to 45
create local text equal j to 54
creates local text equal j to 100
define local text equal j to 72
defines local text equal j to 91
declare local text equal j to 59
declares local text equal j to 59
set local text equal j to 78
sets local text equal j to 31
create text equal j to 92
creates text equal j to 34
define text equal j to 22
defines text equal j to 31
declare text equal j to 61
declares text equal j to 63
set text equal j to 41
sets text equal j to 43
create global text equal k to 51
creates global text equal k to 32
define global text equal k to 61
defines global text equal k to 24
declare global text equal k to 10
declares global text equal k to 59
set global text equal k to 97
sets global text equal k to 54
create local text equal k to 86
creates local text equal k to 33
define local text equal k to 56
defines local text equal k to 19
declare local text equal k to 74
declares local text equal k to 50
set local text equal k to 90
sets local text equal k to 22
create text equal k to 76
creates text equal k to 17
define text equal k to 85
defines text equal k to 22
declare text equal k to 73
declares text equal k to 88
set text equal k to 82
sets text equal k to 41
create global text equal a to 72
creates global text equal a to 0
define global text equal a to 4
defines global text equal a to 4
declare global text equal a to 86
declares global text equal a to 88
set global text equal a to 35
sets global text equal a to 19
create local text equal a to 47
creates local text equal a to 45
define local text equal a to 81
defines local text equal a to 57
declare local text equal a to 50
declares local text equal a to 20
set local text equal a to 88
sets local text equal a to 69
create text equal a to 75
creates text equal a to 23
define text equal a to 8
defines text equal a to 94
declare text equal a to 40
declares text equal a to 80
set text equal a to 24
sets text equal a to 89
create global text equal b to 92
creates global text equal b to 9
define global text equal b to 22
defines global text equal b to 91
declare global text equal b to 38
declares global text equal b to 29
set global text equal b to 87
sets global text equal b to 33
create local text equal b to 54
creates local text equal b to 99
define local text equal b to 82
defines local text equal b to 5
declare local text equal b to 96
declares local text equal b to 18
set local text equal b to 36
sets local text equal b to 29
create text equal b to 12
creates text equal b to 17
define text equal b to 25
defines text equal b to 100
declare text equal b to 5
declares text equal b to 74
set text equal b to 19
sets text equal b to 97
create global text equal c to 93
creates global text equal c to 8
define global text equal c to 65
defines global text equal c to 89
declare global text equal c to 81
declares global text equal c to 21
set global text equal c to 15
sets global text equal c to 3
create local text equal c to 3
creates local text equal c to 77
define local text equal c to 50
defines local text equal c to 34
declare local text equal c to 86
declares local text equal c to 28
set local text equal c to 83
sets local text equal c to 33
create text equal c to 100
creates text equal c to 93
define text equal c to 73
defines text equal c to 91
declare text equal c to 36
declares text equal c to 65
set text equal c to 73
sets text equal c to 88
create global texts equal texts0 to 27
creates global texts equal texts0 to 5
define global texts equal texts0 to 63
defines global texts equal texts0 to 41
declare global texts equal texts0 to 67
declares global texts equal texts0 to 11
set global texts equal texts0 to 69
sets global texts equal texts0 to 80
create local texts equal texts0 to 59
creates local texts equal texts0 to 82
define local texts equal texts0 to 72
defines local texts equal texts0 to 4
declare local texts equal texts0 to 48
declares local texts equal texts0 to 75
set local texts equal texts0 to 54
sets local texts equal texts0 to 12
create texts equal texts0 to 98
creates texts equal texts0 to 66
define texts equal texts0 to 23
defines texts equal texts0 to 74
declare texts equal texts0 to 84
declares texts equal texts0 to 33
set texts equal texts0 to 15
sets texts equal texts0 to 70
create global texts equal texts1 to 53
creates global texts equal texts1 to 60
define global texts equal texts1 to 47
defines global texts equal texts1 to 42
declare global texts equal texts1 to 93
declares global texts equal texts1 to 29
set global texts equal texts1 to 17
sets global texts equal texts1 to 47
create local texts equal texts1 to 70
creates local texts equal texts1 to 14
define local texts equal texts1 to 85
defines local texts equal texts1 to 17
declare local texts equal texts1 to 71
declares local texts equal texts1 to 64
set local texts equal texts1 to 75
sets local texts equal texts1 to 66
create texts equal texts1 to 69
creates texts equal texts1 to 51
define texts equal texts1 to 67
defines texts equal texts1 to 83
declare texts equal texts1 to 46
declares texts equal texts1 to 42
set texts equal texts1 to 14
sets texts equal texts1 to 65
create global texts equal texts2 to 7
creates global texts equal texts2 to 1
define global texts equal texts2 to 14
defines global texts equal texts2 to 77
declare global texts equal texts2 to 27
declares global texts equal texts2 to 19
set global texts equal texts2 to 89
sets global texts equal texts2 to 91
create local texts equal texts2 to 31
creates local texts equal texts2 to 73
define local texts equal texts2 to 15
defines local texts equal texts2 to 0
declare local texts equal texts2 to 42
declares local texts equal texts2 to 50
set local texts equal texts2 to 67
sets local texts equal texts2 to 12
create texts equal texts2 to 15
creates texts equal texts2 to 55
define texts equal texts2 to 15
defines texts equal texts2 to 97
declare texts equal texts2 to 100
declares texts equal texts2 to 92
set texts equal texts2 to 64
sets texts equal texts2 to 57
create global texts equal i to 33
creates global texts equal i to 30
define global texts equal i to 75
defines global texts equal i to 77
declare global texts equal i to 69
declares global texts equal i to 10
set global texts equal i to 81
sets global texts equal i to 82
create local texts equal i to 23
creates local texts equal i to 45
define local texts equal i to 98
defines local texts equal i to 44
declare local texts equal i to 58
declares local texts equal i to 35
set local texts equal i to 11
sets local texts equal i to 12
create texts equal i to 13
creates texts equal i to 83
define texts equal i to 24
defines texts equal i to 80
declare texts equal i to 47
declares texts equal i to 90
set texts equal i to 40
sets texts equal i to 89
create global texts equal j to 87
creates global texts equal j to 82
define global texts equal j to 25
defines global texts equal j to 8
declare global texts equal j to 21
declares global texts equal j to 90
set global texts equal j to 100
sets global texts equal j to 56
create local texts equal j to 47
creates local texts equal j to 56
define local texts equal j to 36
defines local texts equal j to 80
declare local texts equal j to 7
declares local texts equal j to 59
set local texts equal j to 20
sets local texts equal j to 49
create texts equal j to 77
creates texts equal j to 46
define texts equal j to 12
defines texts equal j to 45
declare texts equal j to 31
declares texts equal j to 95
set texts equal j to 9
sets texts equal j to 10
create global texts equal k to 27
creates global texts equal k to 90
define global texts equal k to 44
defines global texts equal k to 86
declare global texts equal k to 22
declares global texts equal k to 82
set global texts equal k to 64
sets global texts equal k to 56
create local texts equal k to 56
creates local texts equal k to 71
define local texts equal k to 49
defines local texts equal k to 49
declare local texts equal k to 91
declares local texts equal k to 88
set local texts equal k to 24
sets local texts equal k to 72
create texts equal k to 8
creates texts equal k to 66
define texts equal k to 50
defines texts equal k to 19
declare texts equal k to 99
declares texts equal k to 9
set texts equal k to 22
sets texts equal k to 75
create global texts equal a to 96
creates global texts equal a to 40
define global texts equal a to 89
defines global texts equal a to 54
declare global texts equal a to 55
declares global texts equal a to 5
set global texts equal a to 46
sets global texts equal a to 58
create local texts equal a to 39
creates local texts equal a to 89
define local texts equal a to 95
defines local texts equal a to 26
declare local texts equal a to 66
declares local texts equal a to 42
set local texts equal a to 1
sets local texts equal a to 52
create texts equal a to 76
creates texts equal a to 92
define texts equal a to 65
defines texts equal a to 99
declare texts equal a to 75
declares texts equal a to 53
set texts equal a to 96
sets texts equal a to 37
create global texts equal b to 70
creates global texts equal b to 92
define global texts equal b to 81
defines global texts equal b to 59
declare global texts equal b to 34
declares global texts equal b to 94
set global texts equal b to 11
sets global texts equal b to 96
create local texts equal b to 49
creates local texts equal b to 84
define local texts equal b to 74
defines local texts equal b to 37
declare local texts equal b to 36
declares local texts equal b to 4
set local texts equal b to 18
sets local texts equal b to 3
create texts equal b to 67
creates texts equal b to 88
define texts equal b to 66
defines texts equal b to 52
declare texts equal b to 93
declares texts equal b to 16
set texts equal b to 82
sets texts equal b to 83
create global texts equal c to 60
creates global texts equal c to 55
define global texts equal c to 4
defines global texts equal c to 39
declare global texts equal c to 68
declares global texts equal c to 6
set global texts equal c to 42
sets global texts equal c to 12
create local texts equal c to 16
creates local texts equal c to 27
define local texts equal c to 78
defines local texts equal c to 0
declare local texts equal c to 43
declares local texts equal c to 31
set local texts equal c to 7
sets local texts equal c to 54
create texts equal c to 74
creates texts equal c to 39
define texts equal c to 87
defines texts equal c to 51
declare texts equal c to 38
declares texts equal c to 19
set texts equal c to 98
sets texts equal c to 91
create global txt equal txt0 to 68
creates global txt equal txt0 to 29
define global txt equal txt0 to 33
defines global txt equal txt0 to 2
declare global txt equal txt0 to 43
declares global txt equal txt0 to 99
set global txt equal txt0 to 19
sets global txt equal txt0 to 26
create local txt equal txt0 to 7
creates local txt equal txt0 to 44
define local txt equal txt0 to 100
defines local txt equal txt0 to 79
declare local txt equal txt0 to 7
declares local txt equal txt0 to 98
set local txt equal txt0 to 31
sets local txt equal txt0 to 27
create txt equal txt0 to 61
creates txt equal txt0 to 69
define txt equal txt0 to 86
defines txt equal txt0 to 83
declare txt equal txt0 to 99
declares txt equal txt0 to 8
set txt equal txt0 to 45
sets txt equal txt0 to 86
create global txt equal txt1 to 5
creates global txt equal txt1 to 38
define global txt equal txt1 to 39
defines global txt equal txt1 to 70
declare global txt equal txt1 to 97
declares global txt equal txt1 to 11
set global txt equal txt1 to 28
sets global txt equal txt1 to 75
create local txt equal txt1 to 70
creates local txt equal txt1 to 59
define local txt equal txt1 to 14
defines local txt equal txt1 to 79
declare local txt equal txt1 to 94
declares local txt equal txt1 to 58
set local txt equal txt1 to 33
sets local txt equal txt1 to 92
create txt equal txt1 to 47
creates txt equal txt1 to 26
define txt equal txt1 to 66
defines txt equal txt1 to 7
declare txt equal txt1 to 2
declares txt equal txt1 to 18
set txt equal txt1 to 94
sets txt equal txt1 to 29
create global txt equal txt2 to 96
creates global txt equal txt2 to 58
define global txt equal txt2 to 50
defines global txt equal txt2 to 54
declare global txt equal txt2 to 100
declares global txt equal txt2 to 66
set global txt equal txt2 to 92
sets global txt equal txt2 to 23
create local txt equal txt2 to 58
creates local txt equal txt2 to 63
define local txt equal txt2 to 70
defines local txt equal txt2 to 84
declare local txt equal txt2 to 42
declares local txt equal txt2 to 96
set local txt equal txt2 to 9
sets local txt equal txt2 to 46
create txt equal txt2 to 54
creates txt equal txt2 to 56
define txt equal txt2 to 67
defines txt equal txt2 to 52
declare txt equal txt2 to 80
declares txt equal txt2 to 8
set txt equal txt2 to 59
sets txt equal txt2 to 72
create global txt equal i to 59
creates global txt equal i to 39
define global txt equal i to 86
defines global txt equal i to 80
declare global txt equal i to 73
declares global txt equal i to 44
set global txt equal i to 35
sets global txt equal i to 59
create local txt equal i to 39
creates local txt equal i to 63
define local txt equal i to 81
defines local txt equal i to 17
declare local txt equal i to 95
declares local txt equal i to 50
set local txt equal i to 53
sets local txt equal i to 87
create txt equal i to 28
creates txt equal i to 7
define txt equal i to 34
defines txt equal i to 46
declare txt equal i to 40
declares txt equal i to 26
set txt equal i to 7
sets txt equal i to 12
create global txt equal j to 57
creates global txt equal j to 19
define global txt equal j to 24
defines global txt equal j to 13
declare global txt equal j to 90
declares global txt equal j to 89
set global txt equal j to 18
sets global txt equal j to 66
create local txt equal j to 27
creates local txt equal j to 49
define local txt equal j to 51
defines local txt equal j to 27
declare local txt equal j to 11
declares local txt equal j to 8
set local txt equal j to 77
sets local txt equal j to 97
create txt equal j to 43
creates txt equal j to 33
define txt equal j to 12
defines txt equal j to 4
declare txt equal j to 4
declares txt equal j to 8
set txt equal j to 64
sets txt equal j to 85
create global txt equal k to 38
creates global txt equal k to 94
define global txt equal k to 77
defines global txt equal k to 73
declare global txt equal k to 22
declares global txt equal k to 58
set global txt equal k to 85
sets global txt equal k to 74
create local txt equal k to 4
creates local txt equal k to 76
define local txt equal k to 64
defines local txt equal k to 21
declare local txt equal k to 76
declares local txt equal k to 42
set local txt equal k to 79
sets local txt equal k to 33
create txt equal k to 74
creates txt equal k to 75
define txt equal k to 2
defines txt equal k to 67
declare txt equal k to 62
declares txt equal k to 100
set txt equal k to 28
sets txt equal k to 73
create global txt equal a to 44
creates global txt equal a to 36
define global txt equal a to 6
defines global txt equal a to 88
declare global txt equal a to 14
declares global txt equal a to 4
set global txt equal a to 69
sets global txt equal a to 86
create local txt equal a to 65
creates local txt equal a to 16
define local txt equal a to 37
defines local txt equal a to 91
declare local txt equal a to 18
declares local txt equal a to 28
set local txt equal a to 15
sets local txt equal a to 27
create txt equal a to 26
creates txt equal a to 88
define txt equal a to 77
defines txt equal a to 57
declare txt equal a to 42
declares txt equal a to 94
set txt equal a to 73
sets txt equal a to 82
create global txt equal b to 13
creates global txt equal b to 19
define global txt equal b to 96
defines global txt equal b to 54
declare global txt equal b to 78
declares global txt equal b to 74
set global txt equal b to 90
sets global txt equal b to 78
create local txt equal b to 78
creates local txt equal b to 74
define local txt equal b to 20
defines local txt equal b to 35
declare local txt equal b to 20
declares local txt equal b to 52
set local txt equal b to 85
sets local txt equal b to 44
create txt equal b to 47
creates txt equal b to 12
define txt equal b to 19
defines txt equal b to 90
declare txt equal b to 57
declares txt equal b to 72
set txt equal b to 38
sets txt equal b to 96
create global txt equal c to 27
creates global txt equal c to 54
define global txt equal c to 10
defines global txt equal c to 54
declare global txt equal c to 38
declares global txt equal c to 45
set global txt equal c to 76
sets global txt equal c to 69
create local txt equal c to 7
creates local txt equal c to 13
define local txt equal c to 13
defines local txt equal c to 43
declare local txt equal c to 3
declares local txt equal c to 40
set local txt equal c to 92
sets local txt equal c to 88
create txt equal c to 17
creates txt equal c to 1
define txt equal c to 67
defines txt equal c to 95
declare txt equal c to 46
declares txt equal c to 91
set txt equal c to 65
sets txt equal c to 24
create global txts equal txts0 to 81
creates global txts equal txts0 to 58
define global txts equal txts0 to 5
defines global txts equal txts0 to 13
declare global txts equal txts0 to 19
declares global txts equal txts0 to 9
set global txts equal txts0 to 88
sets global txts equal txts0 to 8
create local txts equal txts0 to 85
creates local txts equal txts0 to 39
define local txts equal txts0 to 25
defines local txts equal txts0 to 24
declare local txts equal txts0 to 24
declares local txts equal txts0 to 9
set local txts equal txts0 to 65
sets local txts equal txts0 to 82
create txts equal txts0 to 68
creates txts equal txts0 to 39
define txts equal txts0 to 80
defines txts equal txts0 to 79
declare txts equal txts0 to 41
declares txts equal txts0 to 18
set txts equal txts0 to 46
sets txts equal txts0 to 82
create global txts equal txts1 to 99
creates global txts equal txts1 to 89
define global txts equal txts1 to 21
defines global txts equal txts1 to 88
declare global txts equal txts1 to 96
declares global txts equal txts1 to 72
set global txts equal txts1 to 70
sets global txts equal txts1 to 63
create local txts equal txts1 to 57
creates local txts equal txts1 to 96
define local txts equal txts1 to 63
defines local txts equal txts1 to 35
declare local txts equal txts1 to 79
declares local txts equal txts1 to 25
set local txts equal txts1 to 92
sets local txts equal txts1 to 76
create txts equal txts1 to 78
creates txts equal txts1 to 89
define txts equal txts1 to 20
defines txts equal txts1 to 62
declare txts equal txts1 to 78
declares txts equal txts1 to 64
set txts equal txts1 to 98
sets txts equal txts1 to 8
create global txts equal txts2 to 78
creates global txts equal txts2 to 28
define global txts equal txts2 to 72
defines global txts equal txts2 to 80
declare global txts equal txts2 to 100
declares global txts equal txts2 to 73
set global txts equal txts2 to 61
sets global txts equal txts2 to 18
create local txts equal txts2 to 31
creates local txts equal txts2 to 94
define local txts equal txts2 to 25
defines local txts equal txts2 to 84
declare local txts equal txts2 to 72
declares local txts equal txts2 to 10
set local txts equal txts2 to 21
sets local txts equal txts2 to 22
create txts equal txts2 to 3
creates txts equal txts2 to 35
define txts equal txts2 to 15
defines txts equal txts2 to 62
declare txts equal txts2 to 28
declares txts equal txts2 to 75
set txts equal txts2 to 75
sets txts equal txts2 to 39
create global txts equal i to 28
creates global txts equal i to 85
define global txts equal i to 43
defines global txts equal i to 70
declare global txts equal i to 68
declares global txts equal i to 38
set global txts equal i to 77
sets global txts equal i to 34
create local txts equal i to 19
creates local txts equal i to 48
define local txts equal i to 75
defines local txts equal i to 85
declare local txts equal i to 22
declares local txts equal i to 35
set local txts equal i to 97
sets local txts equal i to 61
create txts equal i to 42
creates txts equal i to 56
define txts equal i to 1
defines txts equal i to 64
declare txts equal i to 75
declares txts equal i to 80
set txts equal i to 4
sets txts equal i to 15
create global txts equal j to 51
creates global txts equal j to 43
define global txts equal j to 35
defines global txts equal j to 100
declare global txts equal j to 18
declares global txts equal j to 35
set global txts equal j to 99
sets global txts equal j to 73
create local txts equal j to 86
creates local txts equal j to 31
define local txts equal j to 100
defines local txts equal j to 80
declare local txts equal j to 100
declares local txts equal j to 76
set local txts equal j to 97
sets local txts equal j to 28
create txts equal j to 87
creates txts equal j to 82
define txts equal j to 89
defines txts equal j to 56
declare txts equal j to 89
declares txts equal j to 60
set txts equal j to 73
sets txts equal j to 65
create global txts equal k to 36
creates global txts equal k to 95
define global txts equal k to 59
defines global txts equal k to 6
declare global txts equal k to 80
declares global txts equal k to 0
set global txts equal k to 20
sets global txts equal k to 78
create local txts equal k to 64
creates local txts equal k to 9
define local txts equal k to 7
defines local txts equal k to 54
declare local txts equal k to 68
declares local txts equal k to 43
set local txts equal k to 56
sets local txts equal k to 44
create txts equal k to 38
creates txts equal k to 79
define txts equal k to 98
defines txts equal k to 49
declare txts equal k to 39
declares txts equal k to 94
set txts equal k to 47
sets txts equal k to 95
create global txts equal a to 87
creates global txts equal a to 39
define global txts equal a to 42
defines global txts equal a to 33
declare global txts equal a to 87
declares global txts equal a to 34
set global txts equal a to 99
sets global txts equal a to 81
create local txts equal a to 13
creates local txts equal a to 22
define local txts equal a to 92
defines local txts equal a to 60
declare local txts equal a to 55
declares local txts equal a to 24
set local txts equal a to 67
sets local txts equal a to 27
create txts equal a to 63
creates txts equal a to 16
define txts equal a to 70
defines txts equal a to 39
declare txts equal a to 9
declares txts equal a to 92
set txts equal a to 41
sets txts equal a to 48
create global txts equal b to 72
creates global txts equal b to 47
define global txts equal b to 75
defines global txts equal b to 7
declare global txts equal b to 14
declares global txts equal b to 78
set global txts equal b to 37
sets global txts equal b to 50
create local txts equal b to 2
creates local txts equal b to 58
define local txts equal b to 48
defines local txts equal b to 65
declare local txts equal b to 100
declares local txts equal b to 12
set local txts equal b to 38
sets local txts equal b to 64
create txts equal b to 37
creates txts equal b to 2
define txts equal b to 29
defines txts equal b to 16
declare txts equal b to 23
declares txts equal b to 24
set txts equal b to 100
sets txts equal b to 19
create global txts equal c to 29
creates global txts equal c to 21
define global txts equal c to 39
defines global txts equal c to 18
declare global txts equal c to 68
declares global txts equal c to 92
set global txts equal c to 35
sets global txts equal c to 1
create local txts equal c to 71
creates local txts equal c to 81
define local txts equal c to 45
defines local txts equal c to 46
declare local txts equal c to 88
declares local txts equal c to 94
set local txts equal c to 15
sets local txts equal c to 9
create txts equal c to 95
creates txts equal c to 86
define txts equal c to 0
defines txts equal c to 29
declare txts equal c to 10
declares txts equal c to 10
set txts equal c to 45
sets txts equal c to 30
create global array equal array0 to 71
creates global array equal array0 to 16
define global array equal array0 to 83
defines global array equal array0 to 10
declare global array equal array0 to 6
declares global array equal array0 to 96
set global array equal array0 to 80
sets global array equal array0 to 58
create local array equal array0 to 28
creates local array equal array0 to 4
define local array equal array0 to 71
defines local array equal array0 to 29
declare local array equal array0 to 81
declares local array equal array0 to 70
set local array equal array0 to 4
sets local array equal array0 to 39
create array equal array0 to 30
creates array equal array0 to 24
define array equal array0 to 98
defines array equal array0 to 32
declare array equal array0 to 76
declares array equal array0 to 92
set array equal array0 to 73
sets array equal array0 to 42
create global array equal array1 to 87
creates global array equal array1 to 40
define global array equal array1 to 6
defines global array equal array1 to 65
declare global array equal array1 to 24
declares global array equal array1 to 16
set global array equal array1 to 99
sets global array equal array1 to 28
create local array equal array1 to 48
creates local array equal array1 to 81
define local array equal array1 to 85
defines local array equal array1 to 82
declare local array equal array1 to 38
declares local array equal array1 to 65
set local array equal array1 to 62
sets local array equal array1 to 93
create array equal array1 to 91
creates array equal array1 to 64
define array equal array1 to 10
defines array equal array1 to 12
declare array equal array1 to 85
declares array equal array1 to 55
set array equal array1 to 69
sets array equal array1 to 34
create global array equal array2 to 63
creates global array equal array2 to 92
define global array equal array2 to 10
defines global array equal array2 to 77
declare global array equal array2 to 5
declares global array equal array2 to 27
set global array equal array2 to 25
sets global array equal array2 to 38
create local array equal array2 to 98
creates local array equal array2 to 71
define local array equal array2 to 95
defines local array equal array2 to 72
declare local array equal array2 to 41
declares local array equal array2 to 5
set local array equal array2 to 78
sets local array equal array2 to 36
create array equal array2 to 64
creates array equal array2 to 19
define array equal array2 to 74
defines array equal array2 to 10
declare array equal array2 to 82
declares array equal array2 to 17
set array equal array2 to 88
sets array equal array2 to 1
create global array equal i to 78
creates global array equal i to 57
define global array equal i to 73
defines global array equal i to 79
declare global array equal i to 96
declares global array equal i to 11
set global array equal i to 65
sets global array equal i to 92
create local array equal i to 3
creates local array equal i to 83
define local array equal i to 89
defines local array equal i to 43
declare local array equal i to 62
declares local array equal i to 49
set local array equal i to 68
sets local array equal i to 50
create array equal i to 51
creates array equal i to 80
define array equal i to 56
defines array equal i to 47
declare array equal i to 8
declares array equal i to 90
set array equal i to 36
sets array equal i to 17
create global array equal j to 63
creates global array equal j to 29
define global array equal j to 40
defines global array equal j to 17
declare global array equal j to 40
declares global array equal j to 100
set global array equal j to 97
sets global array equal j to 51
create local array equal j to 36
creates local array equal j to 39
define local array equal j to 76
defines local array equal j to 58
declare local array equal j to 44
declares local array equal j to 42
set local array equal j to 40
sets local array equal j to 79
create array equal j to 79
creates array equal j to 34
define array equal j to 30
defines array equal j to 70
declare array equal j to 72
declares array equal j to 14
set array equal j to 45
sets array equal j to 19
create global array equal k to 52
creates global array equal k to 65
define global array equal k to 6
defines global array equal k to 32
declare global array equal k to 66
declares global array equal k to 91
set global array equal k to 89
sets global array equal k to 53
create local array equal k to 28
creates local array equal k to 77
define local array equal k to 2
defines local array equal k to 95
declare local array equal k to 21
declares local array equal k to 6
set local array equal k to 41
sets local array equal k to 27
create array equal k to 76
creates array equal k to 8
define array equal k to 77
defines array equal k to 85
declare array equal k to 67
declares array equal k to 24
set array equal k to 42
sets array equal k to 31
create global array equal a to 52
creates global array equal a to 22
define global array equal a to 11
defines global array equal a to 88
declare global array equal a to 68
declares global array equal a to 27
set global array equal a to 2
sets global array equal a to 92
create local array equal a to 62
creates local array equal a to 49
define local array equal a to 24
defines local array equal a to 51
declare local array equal a to 10
declares local array equal a to 85
set local array equal a to 91
sets local array equal a to 87
create array equal a to 69
creates array equal a to 43
define array equal a to 56
defines array equal a to 48
declare array equal a to 97
declares array equal a to 91
set array equal a to 44
sets array equal a to 28
create global array equal b to 33
creates global array equal b to 3
define global array equal b to 73
defines global array equal b to 72
declare global array equal b to 73
declares global array equal b to 78
set global array equal b to 96
sets global array equal b to 94
create local array equal b to 23
creates local array equal b to 24
define local array equal b to 39
defines local array equal b to 11
declare local array equal b to 14
declares local array equal b to 51
set local array equal b to 75
sets local array equal b to 15
create array equal b to 41
creates array equal b to 78
define array equal b to 40
defines array equal b to 40
declare array equal b to 82
declares array equal b to 67
set array equal b to 51
sets array equal b to 36
create global array equal c to 79
creates global array equal c to 78
define global array equal c to 74
defines global array equal c to 47
declare global array equal c to 25
declares global array equal c to 91
set global array equal c to 31
sets global array equal c to 90
create local array equal c to 30
creates local array equal c to 7
define local array equal c to 37
defines local array equal c to 89
declare local array equal c to 88
declares local array equal c to 74
set local array equal c to 19
sets local array equal c to 68
create array equal c to 38
creates array equal c to 55
define array equal c to 13
defines array equal c to 90
declare array equal c to 0
declares array equal c to 54
set array equal c to 7
sets array equal c to 51
create global arrays equal arrays0 to 22
creates global arrays equal arrays0 to 3
define global arrays equal arrays0 to 77
defines global arrays equal arrays0 to 62
declare global arrays equal arrays0 to 47
declares global arrays equal arrays0 to 57
set global arrays equal arrays0 to 14
sets global arrays equal arrays0 to 17
create local arrays equal arrays0 to 47
creates local arrays equal arrays0 to 89
define local arrays equal arrays0 to 37
defines local arrays equal arrays0 to 14
declare local arrays equal arrays0 to 100
declares local arrays equal arrays0 to 47
set local arrays equal arrays0 to 6
sets local arrays equal arrays0 to 8
create arrays equal arrays0 to 5
creates arrays equal arrays0 to 67
define arrays equal arrays0 to 96
defines arrays equal arrays0 to 71
declare arrays equal arrays0 to 96
declares arrays equal arrays0 to 45
set arrays equal arrays0 to 28
sets arrays equal arrays0 to 33
create global arrays equal arrays1 to 30
creates global arrays equal arrays1 to 2
define global arrays equal arrays1 to 96
defines global arrays equal arrays1 to 97
declare global arrays equal arrays1 to 44
declares global arrays equal arrays1 to 78
set global arrays equal arrays1 to 0
sets global arrays equal arrays1 to 23
create local arrays equal arrays1 to 11
creates local arrays equal arrays1 to 50
define local arrays equal arrays1 to 77
defines local arrays equal arrays1 to 21
declare local arrays equal arrays1 to 50
declares local arrays equal arrays1 to 81
set local arrays equal arrays1 to 49
sets local arrays equal arrays1 to 93
create arrays equal arrays1 to 91
creates arrays equal arrays1 to 35
define arrays equal arrays1 to 70
defines arrays equal arrays1 to 99
declare arrays equal arrays1 to 39
declares arrays equal arrays1 to 85
set arrays equal arrays1 to 41
sets arrays equal arrays1 to 34
create global arrays equal arrays2 to 20
creates global arrays equal arrays2 to 86
define global arrays equal arrays2 to 44
defines global arrays equal arrays2 to 4
declare global arrays equal arrays2 to 53
declares global arrays equal arrays2 to 0
set global arrays equal arrays2 to 33
sets global arrays equal arrays2 to 68
create local arrays equal arrays2 to 34
creates local arrays equal arrays2 to 26
define local arrays equal arrays2 to 10
defines local arrays equal arrays2 to 39
declare local arrays equal arrays2 to 61
declares local arrays equal arrays2 to 60
set local arrays equal arrays2 to 77
sets local arrays equal arrays2 to 11
create arrays equal arrays2 to 21
creates arrays equal arrays2 to 45
define arrays equal arrays2 to 2
defines arrays equal arrays2 to 24
declare arrays equal arrays2 to 74
declares arrays equal arrays2 to 81
set arrays equal arrays2 to 51
sets arrays equal arrays2 to 60
create global arrays equal i to 71
creates global arrays equal i to 16
define global arrays equal i to 18
defines global arrays equal i to 17
declare global arrays equal i to 67
declares global arrays equal i to 90
set global arrays equal i to 49
sets global arrays equal i to 55
create local arrays equal i to 34
creates local arrays equal i to 8
define local arrays equal i to 36
defines local arrays equal i to 75
declare local arrays equal i to 26
declares local arrays equal i to 93
set local arrays equal i to 34
sets local arrays equal i to 91
create arrays equal i to 85
creates arrays equal i to 99
define arrays equal i to 27
defines arrays equal i to 84
declare arrays equal i to 44
declares arrays equal i to 84
set arrays equal i to 59
sets arrays equal i to 55
create global arrays equal j to 33
creates global arrays equal j to 77
define global arrays equal j to 93
defines global arrays equal j to 18
declare global arrays equal j to 82
declares global arrays equal j to 15
set global arrays equal j to 69
sets global arrays equal j to 89
create local arrays equal j to 32
creates local arrays equal j to 100
define local arrays equal j to 12
defines local arrays equal j to 17
declare local arrays equal j to 54
declares local arrays equal j to 73
set local arrays equal j to 27
sets local arrays equal j to 80
create arrays equal j to 16
creates arrays equal j to 2
define arrays equal j to 8
defines arrays equal j to 74
declare arrays equal j to 67
declares arrays equal j to 21
set arrays equal j to 73
sets arrays equal j to 25
create global arrays equal k to 61
creates global arrays equal k to 29
define global arrays equal k to 85
defines global arrays equal k to 79
declare global arrays equal k to 83
declares global arrays equal k to 3
set global arrays equal k to 16
sets global arrays equal k to 69
create local arrays equal k to 54
creates local arrays equal k to 30
define local arrays equal k to 28
defines local arrays equal k to 23
declare local arrays equal k to 96
declares local arrays equal k to 60
set local arrays equal k to 100
sets local arrays equal k to 12
create arrays equal k to 85
creates arrays equal k to 4
define arrays equal k to 58
defines arrays equal k to 0
declare arrays equal k to 79
declares arrays equal k to 22
set arrays equal k to 96
sets arrays equal k to 21
create global arrays equal a to 64
creates global arrays equal a to 53
define global arrays equal a to 72
defines global arrays equal a to 88
declare global arrays equal a to 50
declares global arrays equal a to 93
set global arrays equal a to 13
sets global arrays equal a to 46
create local arrays equal a to 82
creates local arrays equal a to 47
define local arrays equal a to 55
defines local arrays equal a to 12
declare local arrays equal a to 39
declares local arrays equal a to 84
set local arrays equal a to 94
sets local arrays equal a to 63
create arrays equal a to 96
creates arrays equal a to 43
define arrays equal a to 0
defines arrays equal a to 5
declare arrays equal a to 12
declares arrays equal a to 5
set arrays equal a to 17
sets arrays equal a to 0
create global arrays equal b to 13
creates global arrays equal b to 70
define global arrays equal b to 15
defines global arrays equal b to 40
declare global arrays equal b to 49
declares global arrays equal b to 83
set global arrays equal b to 47
sets global arrays equal b to 32
create local arrays equal b to 90
creates local arrays equal b to 24
define local arrays equal b to 43
defines local arrays equal b to 64
declare local arrays equal b to 51
declares local arrays equal b to 15
set local arrays equal b to 42
sets local arrays equal b to 44
create arrays equal b to 66
creates arrays equal b to 16
define arrays equal b to 46
defines arrays equal b to 21
declare arrays equal b to 1
declares arrays equal b to 58
set arrays equal b to 26
sets arrays equal b to 46
create global arrays equal c to 28
creates global arrays equal c to 78
define global arrays equal c to 26
defines global arrays equal c to 17
declare global arrays equal c to 76
declares global arrays equal c to 37
set global arrays equal c to 75
sets global arrays equal c to 41
create local arrays equal c to 38
creates local arrays equal c to 58
define local arrays equal c to 20
defines local arrays equal c to 39
declare local arrays equal c to 8
declares local arrays equal c to 91
set local arrays equal c to 66
sets local arrays equal c to 36
create arrays equal c to 72
creates arrays equal c to 52
define arrays equal c to 35
defines arrays equal c to 3
declare arrays equal c to 47
declares arrays equal c to 27
set arrays equal c to 93
sets arrays equal c to 70
create global list equal list0 to 93
creates global list equal list0 to 18
define global list equal list0 to 18
defines global list equal list0 to 38
declare global list equal list0 to 83
declares global list equal list0 to 1
set global list equal list0 to 94
sets global list equal list0 to 4
create local list equal list0 to 70
creates local list equal list0 to 58
define local list equal list0 to 15
defines local list equal list0 to 15
declare local list equal list0 to 2
declares local list equal list0 to 15
set local list equal list0 to 35
sets local list equal list0 to 5
create list equal list0 to 44
creates list equal list0 to 58
define list equal list0 to 88
defines list equal list0 to 85
declare list equal list0 to 94
declares list equal list0 to 72
set list equal list0 to 78
sets list equal list0 to 72
create global list equal list1 to 79
creates global list equal list1 to 40
define global list equal list1 to 100
defines global list equal list1 to 50
declare global list equal list1 to 24
declares global list equal list1 to 98
set global list equal list1 to 49
sets global list equal list1 to 83
create local list equal list1 to 99
creates local list equal list1 to 52
define local list equal list1 to 63
defines local list equal list1 to 13
declare local list equal list1 to 55
declares local list equal list1 to 63
set local list equal list1 to 6
sets local list equal list1 to 73
create list equal list1 to 86
creates list equal list1 to 79
define list equal list1 to 100
defines list equal list1 to 52
declare list equal list1 to 88
declares list equal list1 to 33
set list equal list1 to 31
sets list equal list1 to 38
create global list equal list2 to 99
creates global list equal list2 to 45
define global list equal list2 to 19
defines global list equal list2 to 62
declare global list equal list2 to 91
declares global list equal list2 to 51
set global list equal list2 to 28
sets global list equal list2 to 24
create local list equal list2 to 96
creates local list equal list2 to 77
define local list equal list2 to 51
defines local list equal list2 to 2
declare local list equal list2 to 29
declares local list equal list2 to 63
set local list equal list2 to 63
sets local list equal list2 to 48
create list equal list2 to 5
creates list equal list2 to 88
define list equal list2 to 62
defines list equal list2 to 80
declare list equal list2 to 36
declares list equal list2 to 51
set list equal list2 to 14
sets list equal list2 to 49
create global list equal i to 46
creates global list equal i to 24
define global list equal i to 70
defines global list equal i to 59
declare global list equal i to 23
declares global list equal i to 44
set global list equal i to 22
sets global list equal i to 35
create local list equal i to 23
creates local list equal i to 37
define local list equal i to 73
defines local list equal i to 63
declare local list equal i to 5
declares local list equal i to 64
set local list equal i to 86
sets local list equal i to 84
create list equal i to 1
creates list equal i to 37
define list equal i to 44
defines list equal i to 34
declare list equal i to 27
declares list equal i to 78
set list equal i to 11
sets list equal i to 41
create global list equal j to 4
creates global list equal j to 15
define global list equal j to 90
defines global list equal j to 23
declare global list equal j to 96
declares global list equal j to 47
set global list equal j to 12
sets global list equal j to 86
create local list equal j to 85
creates local list equal j to 64
define local list equal j to 8
defines local list equal j to 32
declare local list equal j to 35
declares local list equal j to 73
set local list equal j to 90
sets local list equal j to 50
create list equal j to 63
creates list equal j to 50
define list equal j to 3
defines list equal j to 24
declare list equal j to 80
declares list equal j to 3
set list equal j to 16
sets list equal j to 74
create global list equal k to 96
creates global list equal k to 63
define global list equal k to 15
defines global list equal k to 44
declare global list equal k to 3
declares global list equal k to 8
set global list equal k to 31
sets global list equal k to 52
create local list equal k to 50
creates local list equal k to 66
define local list equal k to 6
defines local list equal k to 70
declare local list equal k to 55
declares local list equal k to 90
set local list equal k to 83
sets local list equal k to 51
create list equal k to 9
creates list equal k to 70
define list equal k to 19
defines list equal k to 66
declare list equal k to 84
declares list equal k to 90
set list equal k to 73
sets list equal k to 51
create global list equal a to 63
creates global list equal a to 72
define global list equal a to 45
defines global list equal a to 3
declare global list equal a to 50
declares global list equal a to 92
set global list equal a to 41
sets global list equal a to 71
create local list equal a to 51
creates local list equal a to 19
define local list equal a to 62
defines local list equal a to 88
declare local list equal a to 49
declares local list equal a to 17
set local list equal a to 57
sets local list equal a to 99
create list equal a to 24
creates list equal a to 87
define list equal a to 90
defines list equal a to 74
declare list equal a to 52
declares list equal a to 77
set list equal a to 35
sets list equal a to 43
create global list equal b to 25
creates global list equal b to 97
define global list equal b to 16
defines global list equal b to 55
declare global list equal b to 68
declares global list equal b to 63
set global list equal b to 10
sets global list equal b to 75
create local list equal b to 50
creates local list equal b to 73
define local list equal b to 50
defines local list equal b to 29
declare local list equal b to 26
declares local list equal b to 33
set local list equal b to 77
sets local list equal b to 26
create list equal b to 55
creates list equal b to 18
define list equal b to 17
defines list equal b to 33
declare list equal b to 8
declares list equal b to 44
set list equal b to 71
sets list equal b to 69
create global list equal c to 26
creates global list equal c to 56
define global list equal c to 48
defines global list equal c to 75
declare global list equal c to 6
declares global list equal c to 68
set global list equal c to 82
sets global list equal c to 48
create local list equal c to 35
creates local list equal c to 62
define local list equal c to 23
defines local list equal c to 6
declare local list equal c to 71
declares local list equal c to 68
set local list equal c to 96
sets local list equal c to 62
create list equal c to 49
creates list equal c to 17
define list equal c to 80
defines list equal c to 36
declare list equal c to 1
declares list equal c to 64
set list equal c to 55
sets list equal c to 52
create global lists equal lists0 to 21
creates global lists equal lists0 to 35
define global lists equal lists0 to 67
defines global lists equal lists0 to 54
declare global lists equal lists0 to 55
declares global lists equal lists0 to 0
set global lists equal lists0 to 51
sets global lists equal lists0 to 12
create local lists equal lists0 to 19
creates local lists equal lists0 to 54
define local lists equal lists0 to 90
defines local lists equal lists0 to 29
declare local lists equal lists0 to 27
declares local lists equal lists0 to 3
set local lists equal lists0 to 35
sets local lists equal lists0 to 99
create lists equal lists0 to 88
creates lists equal lists0 to 20
define lists equal lists0 to 38
defines lists equal lists0 to 59
declare lists equal lists0 to 60
declares lists equal lists0 to 24
set lists equal lists0 to 39
sets lists equal lists0 to 54
create global lists equal lists1 to 86
creates global lists equal lists1 to 87
define global lists equal lists1 to 83
defines global lists equal lists1 to 36
declare global lists equal lists1 to 8
declares global lists equal lists1 to 40
set global lists equal lists1 to 74
sets global lists equal lists1 to 22
create local lists equal lists1 to 37
creates local lists equal lists1 to 41
define local lists equal lists1 to 12
defines local lists equal lists1 to 97
declare local lists equal lists1 to 23
declares local lists equal lists1 to 2
set local lists equal lists1 to 93
sets local lists equal lists1 to 17
create lists equal lists1 to 42
creates lists equal lists1 to 97
define lists equal lists1 to 91
defines lists equal lists1 to 64
declare lists equal lists1 to 45
declares lists equal lists1 to 11
set lists equal lists1 to 36
sets lists equal lists1 to 28
create global lists equal lists2 to 56
creates global lists equal lists2 to 66
define global lists equal lists2 to 76
defines global lists equal lists2 to 48
declare global lists equal lists2 to 43
declares global lists equal lists2 to 29
set global lists equal lists2 to 28
sets global lists equal lists2 to 77
create local lists equal lists2 to 42
creates local lists equal lists2 to 3
define local lists equal lists2 to 58
defines local lists equal lists2 to 67
declare local lists equal lists2 to 97
declares local lists equal lists2 to 76
set local lists equal lists2 to 72
sets local lists equal lists2 to 93
create lists equal lists2 to 54
creates lists equal lists2 to 72
define lists equal lists2 to 98
defines lists equal lists2 to 58
declare lists equal lists2 to 27
declares lists equal lists2 to 28
set lists equal lists2 to 56
sets lists equal lists2 to 57
create global lists equal i to 47
creates global lists equal i to 44
define global lists equal i to 88
defines global lists equal i to 46
declare global lists equal i to 97
declares global lists equal i to 45
set global lists equal i to 77
sets global lists equal i to 25
create local lists equal i to 89
creates local lists equal i to 18
define local lists equal i to 6
defines local lists equal i to 37
declare local lists equal i to 89
declares local lists equal i to 33
set local lists equal i to 48
sets local lists equal i to 76
create lists equal i to 7
creates lists equal i to 59
define lists equal i to 45
defines lists equal i to 36
declare lists equal i to 33
declares lists equal i to 78
set lists equal i to 36
sets lists equal i to 36
create global lists equal j to 16
creates global lists equal j to 12
define global lists equal j to 87
defines global lists equal j to 41
declare global lists equal j to 96
declares global lists equal j to 13
set global lists equal j to 85
sets global lists equal j to 57
create local lists equal j to 59
creates local lists equal j to 96
define local lists equal j to 89
defines local lists equal j to 37
declare local lists equal j to 65
declares local lists equal j to 29
set local lists equal j to 28
sets local lists equal j to 24
create lists equal j to 76
creates lists equal j to 78
define lists equal j to 38
defines lists equal j to 21
declare lists equal j to 84
declares lists equal j to 49
set lists equal j to 57
sets lists equal j to 4
create global lists equal k to 14
creates global lists equal k to 12
define global lists equal k to 45
defines global lists equal k to 9
declare global lists equal k to 51
declares global lists equal k to 77
set global lists equal k to 84
sets global lists equal k to 89
create local lists equal k to 77
creates local lists equal k to 85
define local lists equal k to 88
defines local lists equal k to 47
declare local lists equal k to 30
declares local lists equal k to 76
set local lists equal k to 62
sets local lists equal k to 70
create lists equal k to 85
creates lists equal k to 55
define lists equal k to 4
defines lists equal k to 14
declare lists equal k to 18
declares lists equal k to 31
set lists equal k to 61
sets lists equal k to 28
create global lists equal a to 60
creates global lists equal a to 16
define global lists equal a to 71
defines global lists equal a to 86
declare global lists equal a to 49
declares global lists equal a to 25
set global lists equal a to 77
sets global lists equal a to 8
create local lists equal a to 75
creates local lists equal a to 30
define local lists equal a to 83
defines local lists equal a to 0
declare local lists equal a to 100
declares local lists equal a to 20
set local lists equal a to 78
sets local lists equal a to 28
create lists equal a to 16
creates lists equal a to 41
define lists equal a to 0
defines lists equal a to 37
declare lists equal a to 52
declares lists equal a to 42
set lists equal a to 78
sets lists equal a to 9
create global lists equal b to 28
creates global lists equal b to 100
define global lists equal b to 25
defines global lists equal b to 67
declare global lists equal b to 43
declares global lists equal b to 18
set global lists equal b to 76
sets global lists equal b to 71
create local lists equal b to 1
creates local lists equal b to 55
define local lists equal b to 41
defines local lists equal b to 31
declare local lists equal b to 66
declares local lists equal b to 97
set local lists equal b to 88
sets local lists equal b to 73
create lists equal b to 57
creates lists equal b to 1
define lists equal b to 17
defines lists equal b to 63
declare lists equal b to 73
declares lists equal b to 71
set lists equal b to 11
sets lists equal b to 44
create global lists equal c to 73
creates global lists equal c to 76
define global lists equal c to 98
defines global lists equal c to 38
declare global lists equal c to 17
declares global lists equal c to 48
set global lists equal c to 11
sets global lists equal c to 40
create local lists equal c to 53
creates local lists equal c to 6
define local lists equal c to 36
defines local lists equal c to 100
declare local lists equal c to 92
declares local lists equal c to 9
set local lists equal c to 69
sets local lists equal c to 17
create lists equal c to 30
creates lists equal c to 67
define lists equal c to 79
defines lists equal c to 79
declare lists equal c to 91
declares lists equal c to 6
set lists equal c to 65
sets lists equal c to 18
create global vector equal vector0 to 78
creates global vector equal vector0 to 15
define global vector equal vector0 to 70
defines global vector equal vector0 to 1
declare global vector equal vector0 to 45
declares global vector equal vector0 to 98
set global vector equal vector0 to 64
sets global vector equal vector0 to 15
create local vector equal vector0 to 88
creates local vector equal vector0 to 17
define local vector equal vector0 to 56
defines local vector equal vector0 to 20
declare local vector equal vector0 to 33
declares local vector equal vector0 to 83
set local vector equal vector0 to 43
sets local vector equal vector0 to 55
create vector equal vector0 to 80
creates vector equal vector0 to 81
define vector equal vector0 to 79
defines vector equal vector0 to 1
declare vector equal vector0 to 27
declares vector equal vector0 to 8
set vector equal vector0 to 30
sets vector equal vector0 to 48
create global vector equal vector1 to 97
creates global vector equal vector1 to 60
define global vector equal vector1 to 54
defines global vector equal vector1 to 52
declare global vector equal vector1 to 14
declares global vector equal vector1 to 21
set global vector equal vector1 to 61
sets global vector equal vector1 to 37
create local vector equal vector1 to 81
creates local vector equal vector1 to 32
define local vector equal vector1 to 6
defines local vector equal vector1 to 6
declare local vector equal vector1 to 52
declares local vector equal vector1 to 86
set local vector equal vector1 to 83
sets local vector equal vector1 to 21
create vector equal vector1 to 69
creates vector equal vector1 to 73
define vector equal vector1 to 83
defines vector equal vector1 to 35
declare vector equal vector1 to 84
declares vector equal vector1 to 43
set vector equal vector1 to 25
sets vector equal vector1 to 64
create global vector equal vector2 to 58
creates global vector equal vector2 to 86
define global vector equal vector2 to 84
defines global vector equal vector2 to 84
declare global vector equal vector2 to 45
declares global vector equal vector2 to 55
set global vector equal vector2 to 21
sets global vector equal vector2 to 76
create local vector equal vector2 to 67
creates local vector equal vector2 to 65
define local vector equal vector2 to 44
defines local vector equal vector2 to 13
declare local vector equal vector2 to 5
declares local vector equal vector2 to 77
set local vector equal vector2 to 99
sets local vector equal vector2 to 89
create vector equal vector2 to 1
creates vector equal vector2 to 37
define vector equal vector2 to 81
defines vector equal vector2 to 29
declare vector equal vector2 to 55
declares vector equal vector2 to 17
set vector equal vector2 to 18
sets vector equal vector2 to 84
create global vector equal i to 45
creates global vector equal i to 17
define global vector equal i to 11
defines global vector equal i to 70
declare global vector equal i to 40
declares global vector equal i to 11
set global vector equal i to 89
sets global vector equal i to 63
create local vector equal i to 94
creates local vector equal i to 91
define local vector equal i to 40
defines local vector equal i to 70
declare local vector equal i to 18
declares local vector equal i to 9
set local vector equal i to 44
sets local vector equal i to 38
create vector equal i to 56
creates vector equal i to 19
define vector equal i to 18
defines vector equal i to 25
declare vector equal i to 52
declares vector equal i to 52
set vector equal i to 44
sets vector equal i to 87
create global vector equal j to 0
creates global vector equal j to 63
define global vector equal j to 47
defines global vector equal j to 85
declare global vector equal j to 4
declares global vector equal j to 87
set global vector equal j to 31
sets global vector equal j to 78
create local vector equal j to 26
creates local vector equal j to 84
define local vector equal j to 55
defines local vector equal j to 17
declare local vector equal j to 74
declares local vector equal j to 81
set local vector equal j to 37
sets local vector equal j to 70
create vector equal j to 4
creates vector equal j to 10
define vector equal j to 90
defines vector equal j to 30
declare vector equal j to 35
declares vector equal j to 84
set vector equal j to 1
sets vector equal j to 57
create global vector equal k to 25
creates global vector equal k to 55
define global vector equal k to 3
defines global vector equal k to 19
declare global vector equal k to 75
declares global vector equal k to 42
set global vector equal k to 19
sets global vector equal k to 80
create local vector equal k to 7
creates local vector equal k to 55
define local vector equal k to 20
defines local vector equal k to 33
declare local vector equal k to 46
declares local vector equal k to 1
set local vector equal k to 60
sets local vector equal k to 81
create vector equal k to 90
creates vector equal k to 18
define vector equal k to 26
defines vector equal k to 67
declare vector equal k to 10
declares vector equal k to 47
set vector equal k to 4
sets vector equal k to 62
create global vector equal a to 38
creates global vector equal a to 78
define global vector equal a to 95
defines global vector equal a to 86
declare global vector equal a to 8
declares global vector equal a to 30
set global vector equal a to 13
sets global vector equal a to 63
create local vector equal a to 59
creates local vector equal a to 22
define local vector equal a to 65
defines local vector equal a to 68
declare local vector equal a to 89
declares local vector equal a to 11
set local vector equal a to 42
sets local vector equal a to 8
create vector equal a to 20
creates vector equal a to 40
define vector equal a to 100
defines vector equal a to 16
declare vector equal a to 26
declares vector equal a to 35
set vector equal a to 22
sets vector equal a to 24
create global vector equal b to 9
creates global vector equal b to 70
define global vector equal b to 44
defines global vector equal b to 18
declare global vector equal b to 16
declares global vector equal b to 12
set global vector equal b to 14
sets global vector equal b to 24
create local vector equal b to 6
creates local vector equal b to 87
define local vector equal b to 67
defines local vector equal b to 50
declare local vector equal b to 71
declares local vector equal b to 61
set local vector equal b to 76
sets local vector equal b to 33
create vector equal b to 41
creates vector equal b to 62
define vector equal b to 32
defines vector equal b to 10
declare vector equal b to 31
declares vector equal b to 93
set vector equal b to 87
sets vector equal b to 34
create global vector equal c to 11
creates global vector equal c to 72
define global vector equal c to 47
defines global vector equal c to 19
declare global vector equal c to 33
declares global vector equal c to 27
set global vector equal c to 63
sets global vector equal c to 12
create local vector equal c to 85
creates local vector equal c to 86
define local vector equal c to 92
defines local vector equal c to 67
declare local vector equal c to 9
declares local vector equal c to 85
set local vector equal c to 75
sets local vector equal c to 6
create vector equal c to 10
creates vector equal c to 77
define vector equal c to 30
defines vector equal c to 6
declare vector equal c to 91
declares vector equal c to 73
set vector equal c to 77
sets vector equal c to 74
create global vectors equal vectors0 to 67
creates global vectors equal vectors0 to 41
define global vectors equal vectors0 to 46
defines global vectors equal vectors0 to 25
declare global vectors equal vectors0 to 86
declares global vectors equal vectors0 to 93
set global vectors equal vectors0 to 72
sets global vectors equal vectors0 to 100
create local vectors equal vectors0 to 52
creates local vectors equal vectors0 to 23
define local vectors equal vectors0 to 52
defines local vectors equal vectors0 to 69
declare local vectors equal vectors0 to 77
declares local vectors equal vectors0 to 46
set local vectors equal vectors0 to 0
sets local vectors equal vectors0 to 58
create vectors equal vectors0 to 36
creates vectors equal vectors0 to 94
define vectors equal vectors0 to 27
defines vectors equal vectors0 to 12
declare vectors equal vectors0 to 2
declares vectors equal vectors0 to 53
set vectors equal vectors0 to 22
sets vectors equal vectors0 to 7
create global vectors equal vectors1 to 0
creates global vectors equal vectors1 to 37
define global vectors equal vectors1 to 1
defines global vectors equal vectors1 to 25
declare global vectors equal vectors1 to 90
declares global vectors equal vectors1 to 87
set global vectors equal vectors1 to 26
sets global vectors equal vectors1 to 44
create local vectors equal vectors1 to 71
creates local vectors equal vectors1 to 70
define local vectors equal vectors1 to 83
defines local vectors equal vectors1 to 71
declare local vectors equal vectors1 to 32
declares local vectors equal vectors1 to 41
set local vectors equal vectors1 to 10
sets local vectors equal vectors1 to 2
create vectors equal vectors1 to 1
creates vectors equal vectors1 to 20
define vectors equal vectors1 to 86
defines vectors equal vectors1 to 59
declare vectors equal vectors1 to 10
declares vectors equal vectors1 to 34
set vectors equal vectors1 to 14
sets vectors equal vectors1 to 16
create global vectors equal vectors2 to 12
creates global vectors equal vectors2 to 72
define global vectors equal vectors2 to 18
defines global vectors equal vectors2 to 85
declare global vectors equal vectors2 to 35
declares global vectors equal vectors2 to 80
set global vectors equal vectors2 to 11
sets global vectors equal vectors2 to 100
create local vectors equal vectors2 to 28
creates local vectors equal vectors2 to 40
define local vectors equal vectors2 to 88
defines local vectors equal vectors2 to 74
declare local vectors equal vectors2 to 47
declares local vectors equal vectors2 to 88
set local vectors equal vectors2 to 87
sets local vectors equal vectors2 to 6
create vectors equal vectors2 to 63
creates vectors equal vectors2 to 46
define vectors equal vectors2 to 32
defines vectors equal vectors2 to 97
declare vectors equal vectors2 to 11
declares vectors equal vectors2 to 45
set vectors equal vectors2 to 50
sets vectors equal vectors2 to 6
create global vectors equal i to 78
creates global vectors equal i to 30
define global vectors equal i to 32
defines global vectors equal i to 80
declare global vectors equal i to 21
declares global vectors equal i to 15
set global vectors equal i to 73
sets global vectors equal i to 68
create local vectors equal i to 50
creates local vectors equal i to 60
define local vectors equal i to 79
defines local vectors equal i to 20
declare local vectors equal i to 27
declares local vectors equal i to 41
set local vectors equal i to 33
sets local vectors equal i to 11
create vectors equal i to 55
creates vectors equal i to 75
define vectors equal i to 4
defines vectors equal i to 5
declare vectors equal i to 93
declares vectors equal i to 80
set vectors equal i to 70
sets vectors equal i to 25
create global vectors equal j to 10
creates global vectors equal j to 42
define global vectors equal j to 12
defines global vectors equal j to 54
declare global vectors equal j to 76
declares global vectors equal j to 31
set global vectors equal j to 41
sets global vectors equal j to 39
create local vectors equal j to 10
creates local vectors equal j to 85
define local vectors equal j to 41
defines local vectors equal j to 21
declare local vectors equal j to 68
declares local vectors equal j to 62
set local vectors equal j to 93
sets local vectors equal j to 87
create vectors equal j to 30
creates vectors equal j to 7
define vectors equal j to 50
defines vectors equal j to 46
declare vectors equal j to 58
declares vectors equal j to 17
set vectors equal j to 57
sets vectors equal j to 23
create global vectors equal k to 53
creates global vectors equal k to 16
define global vectors equal k to 52
defines global vectors equal k to 20
declare global vectors equal k to 16
declares global vectors equal k to 64
set global vectors equal k to 32
sets global vectors equal k to 78
create local vectors equal k to 47
creates local vectors equal k to 71
define local vectors equal k to 60
defines local vectors equal k to 45
declare local vectors equal k to 61
declares local vectors equal k to 46
set local vectors equal k to 74
sets local vectors equal k to 79
create vectors equal k to 24
creates vectors equal k to 23
define vectors equal k to 85
defines vectors equal k to 89
declare vectors equal k to 67
declares vectors equal k to 82
set vectors equal k to 31
sets vectors equal k to 29
create global vectors equal a to 15
creates global vectors equal a to 80
define global vectors equal a to 35
defines global vectors equal a to 29
declare global vectors equal a to 2
declares global vectors equal a to 84
set global vectors equal a to 25
sets global vectors equal a to 46
create local vectors equal a to 68
creates local vectors equal a to 44
define local vectors equal a to 66
defines local vectors equal a to 2
declare local vectors equal a to 89
declares local vectors equal a to 42
set local vectors equal a to 42
sets local vectors equal a to 95
create vectors equal a to 58
creates vectors equal a to 55
define vectors equal a to 51
defines vectors equal a to 47
declare vectors equal a to 15
declares vectors equal a to 2
set vectors equal a to 25
sets vectors equal a to 94
create global vectors equal b to 88
creates global vectors equal b to 59
define global vectors equal b to 3
defines global vectors equal b to 84
declare global vectors equal b to 74
declares global vectors equal b to 27
set global vectors equal b to 25
sets global vectors equal b to 97
create local vectors equal b to 70
creates local vectors equal b to 34
define local vectors equal b to 35
defines local vectors equal b to 12
declare local vectors equal b to 42
declares local vectors equal b to 37
set local vectors equal b to 41
sets local vectors equal b to 33
create vectors equal b to 34
creates vectors equal b to 78
define vectors equal b to 89
defines vectors equal b to 37
declare vectors equal b to 67
declares vectors equal b to 33
set vectors equal b to 19
sets vectors equal b to 100
create global vectors equal c to 59
creates global vectors equal c to 35
define global vectors equal c to 62
defines global vectors equal c to 41
declare global vectors equal c to 83
declares global vectors equal c to 54
set global vectors equal c to 48
sets global vectors equal c to 70
create local vectors equal c to 58
creates local vectors equal c to 33
define local vectors equal c to 52
defines local vectors equal c to 37
declare local vectors equal c to 100
declares local vectors equal c to 37
set local vectors equal c to 45
sets local vectors equal c to 96
create vectors equal c to 6
creates vectors equal c to 80
define vectors equal c to 28
defines vectors equal c to 40
declare vectors equal c to 31
declares vectors equal c to 77
set vectors equal c to 54
sets vectors equal c to 0
create global boolean equal boolean0 to 94
creates global boolean equal boolean0 to 9
define global boolean equal boolean0 to 34
defines global boolean equal boolean0 to 46
declare global boolean equal boolean0 to 36
declares global boolean equal boolean0 to 37
set global boolean equal boolean0 to 39
sets global boolean equal boolean0 to 58
create local boolean equal boolean0 to 82
creates local boolean equal boolean0 to 20
define local boolean equal boolean0 to 49
defines local boolean equal boolean0 to 15
declare local boolean equal boolean0 to 13
declares local boolean equal boolean0 to 25
set local boolean equal boolean0 to 57
sets local boolean equal boolean0 to 39
create boolean equal boolean0 to 57
creates boolean equal boolean0 to 56
define boolean equal boolean0 to 53
defines boolean equal boolean0 to 19
declare boolean equal boolean0 to 83
declares boolean equal boolean0 to 1
set boolean equal boolean0 to 5
sets boolean equal boolean0 to 99
create global boolean equal boolean1 to 71
creates global boolean equal boolean1 to 19
define global boolean equal boolean1 to 50
defines global boolean equal boolean1 to 11
declare global boolean equal boolean1 to 55
declares global boolean equal boolean1 to 85
set global boolean equal boolean1 to 48
sets global boolean equal boolean1 to 37
create local boolean equal boolean1 to 10
creates local boolean equal boolean1 to 43
define local boolean equal boolean1 to 83
defines local boolean equal boolean1 to 9
declare local boolean equal boolean1 to 40
declares local boolean equal boolean1 to 40
set local boolean equal boolean1 to 64
sets local boolean equal boolean1 to 99
create boolean equal boolean1 to 56
creates boolean equal boolean1 to 34
define boolean equal boolean1 to 86
defines boolean equal boolean1 to 14
declare boolean equal boolean1 to 55
declares boolean equal boolean1 to 88
set boolean equal boolean1 to 47
sets boolean equal boolean1 to 70
create global boolean equal boolean2 to 7
creates global boolean equal boolean2 to 80
define global boolean equal boolean2 to 44
defines global boolean equal boolean2 to 1
declare global boolean equal boolean2 to 81
declares global boolean equal boolean2 to 19
set global boolean equal boolean2 to 83
sets global boolean equal boolean2 to 15
create local boolean equal boolean2 to 85
creates local boolean equal boolean2 to 9
define local boolean equal boolean2 to 59
defines local boolean equal boolean2 to 65
declare local boolean equal boolean2 to 42
declares local boolean equal boolean2 to 80
set local boolean equal boolean2 to 20
sets local boolean equal boolean2 to 66
create boolean equal boolean2 to 34
creates boolean equal boolean2 to 82
define boolean equal boolean2 to 76
defines boolean equal boolean2 to 100
declare boolean equal boolean2 to 70
declares boolean equal boolean2 to 74
set boolean equal boolean2 to 72
sets boolean equal boolean2 to 72
create global boolean equal i to 98
creates global boolean equal i to 38
define global boolean equal i to 40
defines global boolean equal i to 74
declare global boolean equal i to 4
declares global boolean equal i to 6
set global boolean equal i to 72
sets global boolean equal i to 24
create local boolean equal i to 0
creates local boolean equal i to 18
define local boolean equal i to 35
defines local boolean equal i to 77
declare local boolean equal i to 96
declares local boolean equal i to 73
set local boolean equal i to 25
sets local boolean equal i to 90
create boolean equal i to 24
creates boolean equal i to 32
define boolean equal i to 15
defines boolean equal i to 79
declare boolean equal i to 18
declares boolean equal i to 3
set boolean equal i to 68
sets boolean equal i to 2
create global boolean equal j to 69
creates global boolean equal j to 26
define global boolean equal j to 61
defines global boolean equal j to 81
declare global boolean equal j to 22
declares global boolean equal j to 12
set global boolean equal j to 97
sets global boolean equal j to 23
create local boolean equal j to 30
creates local boolean equal j to 72
define local boolean equal j to 94
defines local boolean equal j to 48
declare local boolean equal j to 27
declares local boolean equal j to 68
set local boolean equal j to 43
sets local boolean equal j to 55
create boolean equal j to 89
creates boolean equal j to 47
define boolean equal j to 100
defines boolean equal j to 98
declare boolean equal j to 51
declares boolean equal j to 43
set boolean equal j to 1
sets boolean equal j to 6
create global boolean equal k to 63
creates global boolean equal k to 86
define global boolean equal k to 99
defines global boolean equal k to 78
declare global boolean equal k to 10
declares global boolean equal k to 32
set global boolean equal k to 97
sets global boolean equal k to 21
create local boolean equal k to 96
creates local boolean equal k to 0
define local boolean equal k to 81
defines local boolean equal k to 40
declare local boolean equal k to 45
declares local boolean equal k to 86
set local boolean equal k to 25
sets local boolean equal k to 68
create boolean equal k to 29
creates boolean equal k to 83
define boolean equal k to 69
defines boolean equal k to 9
declare boolean equal k to 24
declares boolean equal k to 50
set boolean equal k to 52
sets boolean equal k to 0
create global boolean equal a to 41
creates global boolean equal a to 56
define global boolean equal a to 71
defines global boolean equal a to 34
declare global boolean equal a to 64
declares global boolean equal a to 69
set global boolean equal a to 32
sets global boolean equal a to 74
create local boolean equal a to 78
creates local boolean equal a to 19
define local boolean equal a to 25
defines local boolean equal a to 2
declare local boolean equal a to 68
declares local boolean equal a to 18
set local boolean equal a to 18
sets local boolean equal a to 33
create boolean equal a to 40
creates boolean equal a to 100
define boolean equal a to 22
defines boolean equal a to 71
declare boolean equal a to 68
declares boolean equal a to 75
set boolean equal a to 34
sets boolean equal a to 10
create global boolean equal b to 62
creates global boolean equal b to 26
define global boolean equal b to 22
defines global boolean equal b to 97
declare global boolean equal b to 29
declares global boolean equal b to 54
set global boolean equal b to 91
sets global boolean equal b to 47
create local boolean equal b to 93
creates local boolean equal b to 25
define local boolean equal b to 23
defines local boolean equal b to 38
declare local boolean equal b to 34
declares local boolean equal b to 41
set local boolean equal b to 90
sets local boolean equal b to 31
create boolean equal b to 9
creates boolean equal b to 52
define boolean equal b to 27
defines boolean equal b to 99
declare boolean equal b to 2
declares boolean equal b to 77
set boolean equal b to 38
sets boolean equal b to 49
create global boolean equal c to 53
creates global boolean equal c to 63
define global boolean equal c to 53
defines global boolean equal c to 5
declare global boolean equal c to 25
declares global boolean equal c to 48
set global boolean equal c to 87
sets global boolean equal c to 6
create local boolean equal c to 73
creates local boolean equal c to 16
define local boolean equal c to 79
defines local boolean equal c to 19
declare local boolean equal c to 15
declares local boolean equal c to 43
set local boolean equal c to 73
sets local boolean equal c to 90
create boolean equal c to 2
creates boolean equal c to 68
define boolean equal c to 47
defines boolean equal c to 38
declare boolean equal c to 15
declares boolean equal c to 26
set boolean equal c to 37
sets boolean equal c to 42
create global booleans equal booleans0 to 74
creates global booleans equal booleans0 to 83
define global booleans equal booleans0 to 24
defines global booleans equal booleans0 to 89
declare global booleans equal booleans0 to 42
declares global booleans equal booleans0 to 14
set global booleans equal booleans0 to 54
sets global booleans equal booleans0 to 57
create local booleans equal booleans0 to 79
creates local booleans equal booleans0 to 37
define local booleans equal booleans0 to 87
defines local booleans equal booleans0 to 51
declare local booleans equal booleans0 to 7
declares local booleans equal booleans0 to 17
set local booleans equal booleans0 to 98
sets local booleans equal booleans0 to 36
create booleans equal booleans0 to 2
creates booleans equal booleans0 to 51
define booleans equal booleans0 to 82
defines booleans equal booleans0 to 0
declare booleans equal booleans0 to 54
declares booleans equal booleans0 to 9
set booleans equal booleans0 to 20
sets booleans equal booleans0 to 69
create global booleans equal booleans1 to 32
creates global booleans equal booleans1 to 18
define global booleans equal booleans1 to 71
defines global booleans equal booleans1 to 16
declare global booleans equal booleans1 to 97
declares global booleans equal booleans1 to 59
set global booleans equal booleans1 to 8
sets global booleans equal booleans1 to 79
create local booleans equal booleans1 to 64
creates local booleans equal booleans1 to 10
define local booleans equal booleans1 to 31
defines local booleans equal booleans1 to 17
declare local booleans equal booleans1 to 40
declares local booleans equal booleans1 to 74
set local booleans equal booleans1 to 47
sets local booleans equal booleans1 to 45
create booleans equal booleans1 to 25
creates booleans equal booleans1 to 43
define booleans equal booleans1 to 4
defines booleans equal booleans1 to 40
declare booleans equal booleans1 to 19
declares booleans equal booleans1 to 72
set booleans equal booleans1 to 9
sets booleans equal booleans1 to 100
create global booleans equal booleans2 to 8
creates global booleans equal booleans2 to 57
define global booleans equal booleans2 to 39
defines global booleans equal booleans2 to 16
declare global booleans equal booleans2 to 39
declares global booleans equal booleans2 to 15
set global booleans equal booleans2 to 53
sets global booleans equal booleans2 to 8
create local booleans equal booleans2 to 41
creates local booleans equal booleans2 to 16
define local booleans equal booleans2 to 3
defines local booleans equal booleans2 to 1
declare local booleans equal booleans2 to 63
declares local booleans equal booleans2 to 63
set local booleans equal booleans2 to 34
sets local booleans equal booleans2 to 45
create booleans equal booleans2 to 17
creates booleans equal booleans2 to 27
define booleans equal booleans2 to 34
defines booleans equal booleans2 to 3
declare booleans equal booleans2 to 60
declares booleans equal booleans2 to 55
set booleans equal booleans2 to 74
sets booleans equal booleans2 to 97
create global booleans equal i to 35
creates global booleans equal i to 86
define global booleans equal i to 89
defines global booleans equal i to 60
declare global booleans equal i to 69
declares global booleans equal i to 14
set global booleans equal i to 36
sets global booleans equal i to 25
create local booleans equal i to 97
creates local booleans equal i to 97
define local booleans equal i to 75
defines local booleans equal i to 4
declare local booleans equal i to 20
declares local booleans equal i to 13
set local booleans equal i to 8
sets local booleans equal i to 97
create booleans equal i to 42
creates booleans equal i to 81
define booleans equal i to 74
defines booleans equal i to 96
declare booleans equal i to 82
declares booleans equal i to 60
set booleans equal i to 92
sets booleans equal i to 77
create global booleans equal j to 83
creates global booleans equal j to 89
define global booleans equal j to 67
defines global booleans equal j to 71
declare global booleans equal j to 13
declares global booleans equal j to 0
set global booleans equal j to 4
sets global booleans equal j to 7
create local booleans equal j to 66
creates local booleans equal j to 62
define local booleans equal j to 35
defines local booleans equal j to 58
declare local booleans equal j to 21
declares local booleans equal j to 4
set local booleans equal j to 73
sets local booleans equal j to 67
create booleans equal j to 73
creates booleans equal j to 73
define booleans equal j to 8
defines booleans equal j to 43
declare booleans equal j to 25
declares booleans equal j to 28
set booleans equal j to 7
sets booleans equal j to 12
create global booleans equal k to 10
creates global booleans equal k to 74
define global booleans equal k to 13
defines global booleans equal k to 55
declare global booleans equal k to 98
declares global booleans equal k to 0
set global booleans equal k to 14
sets global booleans equal k to 26
create local booleans equal k to 84
creates local booleans equal k to 89
define local booleans equal k to 29
defines local booleans equal k to 32
declare local booleans equal k to 14
declares local booleans equal k to 97
set local booleans equal k to 17
sets local booleans equal k to 8
create booleans equal k to 57
creates booleans equal k to 90
define booleans equal k to 28
defines booleans equal k to 99
declare booleans equal k to 10
declares booleans equal k to 41
set booleans equal k to 7
sets booleans equal k to 38
create global booleans equal a to 18
creates global booleans equal a to 52
define global booleans equal a to 66
defines global booleans equal a to 73
declare global booleans equal a to 88
declares global booleans equal a to 40
set global booleans equal a to 68
sets global booleans equal a to 58
create local booleans equal a to 78
creates local booleans equal a to 76
define local booleans equal a to 31
defines local booleans equal a to 77
declare local booleans equal a to 68
declares local booleans equal a to 14
set local booleans equal a to 65
sets local booleans equal a to 60
create booleans equal a to 47
creates booleans equal a to 8
define booleans equal a to 47
defines booleans equal a to 61
declare booleans equal a to 78
declares booleans equal a to 28
set booleans equal a to 66
sets booleans equal a to 95
create global booleans equal b to 52
creates global booleans equal b to 30
define global booleans equal b to 76
defines global booleans equal b to 87
declare global booleans equal b to 32
declares global booleans equal b to 73
set global booleans equal b to 8
sets global booleans equal b to 93
create local booleans equal b to 7
creates local booleans equal b to 44
define local booleans equal b to 20
defines local booleans equal b to 54
declare local booleans equal b to 42
declares local booleans equal b to 64
set local booleans equal b to 100
sets local booleans equal b to 81
create booleans equal b to 67
creates booleans equal b to 33
define booleans equal b to 26
defines booleans equal b to 92
declare booleans equal b to 31
declares booleans equal b to 51
set booleans equal b to 29
sets booleans equal b to 19
create global booleans equal c to 75
creates global booleans equal c to 25
define global booleans equal c to 36
defines global booleans equal c to 16
declare global booleans equal c to 86
declares global booleans equal c to 94
set global booleans equal c to 30
sets global booleans equal c to 18
create local booleans equal c to 72
creates local booleans equal c to 26
define local booleans equal c to 25
defines local booleans equal c to 0
declare local booleans equal c to 17
declares local booleans equal c to 23
set local booleans equal c to 60
sets local booleans equal c to 17
create booleans equal c to 4
creates booleans equal c to 27
define booleans equal c to 28
defines booleans equal c to 37
declare booleans equal c to 6
declares booleans equal c to 59
set booleans equal c to 71
sets booleans equal c to 51
create global bool equal bool0 to 19
creates global bool equal bool0 to 89
define global bool equal bool0 to 29
defines global bool equal bool0 to 64
declare global bool equal bool0 to 21
declares global bool equal bool0 to 4
set global bool equal bool0 to 58
sets global bool equal bool0 to 88
create local bool equal bool0 to 53
creates local bool equal bool0 to 41
define local bool equal bool0 to 93
defines local bool equal bool0 to 82
declare local bool equal bool0 to 54
declares local bool equal bool0 to 58
set local bool equal bool0 to 74
sets local bool equal bool0 to 12
create bool equal bool0 to 51
creates bool equal bool0 to 23
define bool equal bool0 to 50
defines bool equal bool0 to 25
declare bool equal bool0 to 14
declares bool equal bool0 to 56
set bool equal bool0 to 11
sets bool equal bool0 to 13
create global bool equal bool1 to 16
creates global bool equal bool1 to 20
define global bool equal bool1 to 89
defines global bool equal bool1 to 29
declare global bool equal bool1 to 13
declares global bool equal bool1 to 83
set global bool equal bool1 to 26
sets global bool equal bool1 to 10
create local bool equal bool1 to 22
creates local bool equal bool1 to 67
define local bool equal bool1 to 54
defines local bool equal bool1 to 66
declare local bool equal bool1 to 40
declares local bool equal bool1 to 82
set local bool equal bool1 to 65
sets local bool equal bool1 to 80
create bool equal bool1 to 82
creates bool equal bool1 to 80
define bool equal bool1 to 77
defines bool equal bool1 to 80
declare bool equal bool1 to 27
declares bool equal bool1 to 67
set bool equal bool1 to 86
sets bool equal bool1 to 58
create global bool equal bool2 to 94
creates global bool equal bool2 to 16
define global bool equal bool2 to 52
defines global bool equal bool2 to 85
declare global bool equal bool2 to 97
declares global bool equal bool2 to 11
set global bool equal bool2 to 24
sets global bool equal bool2 to 24
create local bool equal bool2 to 49
creates local bool equal bool2 to 28
define local bool equal bool2 to 72
defines local bool equal bool2 to 43
declare local bool equal bool2 to 34
declares local bool equal bool2 to 94
set local bool equal bool2 to 72
sets local bool equal bool2 to 81
create bool equal bool2 to 60
creates bool equal bool2 to 2
define bool equal bool2 to 44
defines bool equal bool2 to 99
declare bool equal bool2 to 52
declares bool equal bool2 to 9
set bool equal bool2 to 97
sets bool equal bool2 to 29
create global bool equal i to 67
creates global bool equal i to 27
define global bool equal i to 75
defines global bool equal i to 17
declare global bool equal i to 53
declares global bool equal i to 71
set global bool equal i to 66
sets global bool equal i to 3
create local bool equal i to 46
creates local bool equal i to 65
define local bool equal i to 51
defines local bool equal i to 96
declare local bool equal i to 83
declares local bool equal i to 100
set local bool equal i to 19
sets local bool equal i to 56
create bool equal i to 33
creates bool equal i to 17
define bool equal i to 43
defines bool equal i to 45
declare bool equal i to 94
declares bool equal i to 61
set bool equal i to 74
sets bool equal i to 59
create global bool equal j to 22
creates global bool equal j to 71
define global bool equal j to 9
defines global bool equal j to 68
declare global bool equal j to 5
declares global bool equal j to 34
set global bool equal j to 0
sets global bool equal j to 97
create local bool equal j to 10
creates local bool equal j to 30
define local bool equal j to 81
defines local bool equal j to 29
declare local bool equal j to 96
declares local bool equal j to 90
set local bool equal j to 48
sets local bool equal j to 37
create bool equal j to 54
creates bool equal j to 55
define bool equal j to 57
defines bool equal j to 89
declare bool equal j to 13
declares bool equal j to 3
set bool equal j to 30
sets bool equal j to 3
create global bool equal k to 3
creates global bool equal k to 77
define global bool equal k to 29
defines global bool equal k to 98
declare global bool equal k to 99
declares global bool equal k to 80
set global bool equal k to 80
sets global bool equal k to 82
create local bool equal k to 48
creates local bool equal k to 43
define local bool equal k to 79
defines local bool equal k to 100
declare local bool equal k to 25
declares local bool equal k to 89
set local bool equal k to 45
sets local bool equal k to 21
create bool equal k to 23
creates bool equal k to 61
define bool equal k to 63
defines bool equal k to 52
declare bool equal k to 47
declares bool equal k to 50
set bool equal k to 63
sets bool equal k to 4
create global bool equal a to 16
creates global bool equal a to 58
define global bool equal a to 10
defines global bool equal a to 12
declare global bool equal a to 69
declares global bool equal a to 20
set global bool equal a to 76
sets global bool equal a to 48
create local bool equal a to 24
creates local bool equal a to 85
define local bool equal a to 8
defines local bool equal a to 86
declare local bool equal a to 23
declares local bool equal a to 5
set local bool equal a to 24
sets local bool equal a to 78
create bool equal a to 65
creates bool equal a to 79
define bool equal a to 1
defines bool equal a to 78
declare bool equal a to 88
declares bool equal a to 81
set bool equal a to 25
sets bool equal a to 30
create global bool equal b to 8
creates global bool equal b to 80
define global bool equal b to 92
defines global bool equal b to 89
declare global bool equal b to 73
declares global bool equal b to 41
set global bool equal b to 57
sets global bool equal b to 14
create local bool equal b to 56
creates local bool equal b to 59
define local bool equal b to 59
defines local bool equal b to 31
declare local bool equal b to 2
declares local bool equal b to 95
set local bool equal b to 11
sets local bool equal b to 69
create bool equal b to 6
creates bool equal b to 4
define bool equal b to 19
defines bool equal b to 86
declare bool equal b to 93
declares bool equal b to 26
set bool equal b to 80
sets bool equal b to 29
create global bool equal c to 6
creates global bool equal c to 46
define global bool equal c to 86
defines global bool equal c to 81
declare global bool equal c to 81
declares global bool equal c to 48
set global bool equal c to 77
sets global bool equal c to 32
create local bool equal c to 12
creates local bool equal c to 27
define local bool equal c to 43
defines local bool equal c to 52
declare local bool equal c to 54
declares local bool equal c to 6
set local bool equal c to 29
sets local bool equal c to 97
create bool equal c to 25
creates bool equal c to 54
define bool equal c to 28
defines bool equal c to 88
declare bool equal c to 78
declares bool equal c to 59
set bool equal c to 84
sets bool equal c to 94
create global bools equal bools0 to 64
creates global bools equal bools0 to 76
define global bools equal bools0 to 1
defines global bools equal bools0 to 89
declare global bools equal bools0 to 9
declares global bools equal bools0 to 72
set global bools equal bools0 to 2
sets global bools equal bools0 to 66
create local bools equal bools0 to 86
creates local bools equal bools0 to 86
define local bools equal bools0 to 5
defines local bools equal bools0 to 27
declare local bools equal bools0 to 5
declares local bools equal bools0 to 20
set local bools equal bools0 to 36
sets local bools equal bools0 to 16
create bools equal bools0 to 88
creates bools equal bools0 to 78
define bools equal bools0 to 4
defines bools equal bools0 to 38
declare bools equal bools0 to 63
declares bools equal bools0 to 98
set bools equal bools0 to 96
sets bools equal bools0 to 24
create global bools equal bools1 to 37
creates global bools equal bools1 to 72
define global bools equal bools1 to 50
defines global bools equal bools1 to 47
declare global bools equal bools1 to 48
declares global bools equal bools1 to 14
set global bools equal bools1 to 48
sets global bools equal bools1 to 66
create local bools equal bools1 to 5
creates local bools equal bools1 to 11
define local bools equal bools1 to 91
defines local bools equal bools1 to 21
declare local bools equal bools1 to 28
declares local bools equal bools1 to 79
set local bools equal bools1 to 6
sets local bools equal bools1 to 37
create bools equal bools1 to 100
creates bools equal bools1 to 73
define bools equal bools1 to 18
defines bools equal bools1 to 98
declare bools equal bools1 to 55
declares bools equal bools1 to 75
set bools equal bools1 to 16
sets bools equal bools1 to 82
create global bools equal bools2 to 4
creates global bools equal bools2 to 80
define global bools equal bools2 to 27
defines global bools equal bools2 to 68
declare global bools equal bools2 to 18
declares global bools equal bools2 to 19
set global bools equal bools2 to 54
sets global bools equal bools2 to 27
create local bools equal bools2 to 34
creates local bools equal bools2 to 69
define local bools equal bools2 to 91
defines local bools equal bools2 to 9
declare local bools equal bools2 to 1
declares local bools equal bools2 to 87
set local bools equal bools2 to 20
sets local bools equal bools2 to 25
create bools equal bools2 to 16
creates bools equal bools2 to 53
define bools equal bools2 to 44
defines bools equal bools2 to 95
declare bools equal bools2 to 71
declares bools equal bools2 to 20
set bools equal bools2 to 93
sets bools equal bools2 to 8
create global bools equal i to 78
creates global bools equal i to 12
define global bools equal i to 21
defines global bools equal i to 75
declare global bools equal i to 17
declares global bools equal i to 6
set global bools equal i to 81
sets global bools equal i to 96
create local bools equal i to 74
creates local bools equal i to 92
define local bools equal i to 32
defines local bools equal i to 67
declare local bools equal i to 72
declares local bools equal i to 33
set local bools equal i to 85
sets local bools equal i to 11
create bools equal i to 85
creates bools equal i to 37
define bools equal i to 30
defines bools equal i to 77
declare bools equal i to 13
declares bools equal i to 8
set bools equal i to 36
sets bools equal i to 55
create global bools equal j to 77
creates global bools equal j to 83
define global bools equal j to 76
defines global bools equal j to 54
declare global bools equal j to 26
declares global bools equal j to 2
set global bools equal j to 51
sets global bools equal j to 38
create local bools equal j to 85
creates local bools equal j to 87
define local bools equal j to 25
defines local bools equal j to 9
declare local bools equal j to 56
declares local bools equal j to 17
set local bools equal j to 63
sets local bools equal j to 66
create bools equal j to 74
creates bools equal j to 80
define bools equal j to 93
defines bools equal j to 7
declare bools equal j to 35
declares bools equal j to 87
set bools equal j to 13
sets bools equal j to 42
create global bools equal k to 41
creates global bools equal k to 17
define global bools equal k to 17
defines global bools equal k to 69
declare global bools equal k to 67
declares global bools equal k to 86
set global bools equal k to 38
sets global bools equal k to 66
create local bools equal k to 74
creates local bools equal k to 42
define local bools equal k to 75
defines local bools equal k to 64
declare local bools equal k to 96
declares local bools equal k to 59
set local bools equal k to 18
sets local bools equal k to 53
create bools equal k to 50
creates bools equal k to 86
define bools equal k to 23
defines bools equal k to 33
declare bools equal k to 90
declares bools equal k to 78
set bools equal k to 71
sets bools equal k to 83
create global bools equal a to 80
creates global bools equal a to 8
define global bools equal a to 37
defines global bools equal a to 60
declare global bools equal a to 8
declares global bools equal a to 92
set global bools equal a to 74
sets global bools equal a to 95
create local bools equal a to 80
creates local bools equal a to 16
define local bools equal a to 51
defines local bools equal a to 72
declare local bools equal a to 15
declares local bools equal a to 78
set local bools equal a to 57
sets local bools equal a to 95
create bools equal a to 45
creates bools equal a to 45
define bools equal a to 4
defines bools equal a to 22
declare bools equal a to 58
declares bools equal a to 98
set bools equal a to 82
sets bools equal a to 94
create global bools equal b to 72
creates global bools equal b to 69
define global bools equal b to 29
defines global bools equal b to 75
declare global bools equal b to 65
declares global bools equal b to 4
set global bools equal b to 23
sets global bools equal b to 64
create local bools equal b to 64
creates local bools equal b to 84
define local bools equal b to 44
defines local bools equal b to 29
declare local bools equal b to 42
declares local bools equal b to 98
set local bools equal b to 87
sets local bools equal b to 58
create bools equal b to 62
creates bools equal b to 9
define bools equal b to 14
defines bools equal b to 78
declare bools equal b to 64
declares bools equal b to 18
set bools equal b to 94
sets bools equal b to 88
create global bools equal c to 27
creates global bools equal c to 63
define global bools equal c to 95
defines global bools equal c to 91
declare global bools equal c to 56
declares global bools equal c to 28
set global bools equal c to 76
sets global bools equal c to 57
create local bools equal c to 85
creates local bools equal c to 70
define local bools equal c to 75
defines local bools equal c to 65
declare local bools equal c to 79
declares local bools equal c to 75
set local bools equal c to 20
sets local bools equal c to 52
create bools equal c to 14
creates bools equal c to 69
define bools equal c to 86
defines bools equal c to 57
declare bools equal c to 81
declares bools equal c to 73
set bools equal c to 43
sets bools equal c to 88
create global class equal class0 to 48
creates global class equal class0 to 63
define global class equal class0 to 34
defines global class equal class0 to 2
declare global class equal class0 to 86
declares global class equal class0 to 24
set global class equal class0 to 33
sets global class equal class0 to 96
create local class equal class0 to 24
creates local class equal class0 to 68
define local class equal class0 to 45
defines local class equal class0 to 45
declare local class equal class0 to 92
declares local class equal class0 to 49
set local class equal class0 to 34
sets local class equal class0 to 100
create class equal class0 to 98
creates class equal class0 to 9
define class equal class0 to 1
defines class equal class0 to 5
declare class equal class0 to 9
declares class equal class0 to 76
set class equal class0 to 0
sets class equal class0 to 58
create global class equal class1 to 59
creates global class equal class1 to 40
define global class equal class1 to 40
defines global class equal class1 to 53
declare global class equal class1 to 34
declares global class equal class1 to 33
set global class equal class1 to 57
sets global class equal class1 to 98
create local class equal class1 to 6
creates local class equal class1 to 65
define local class equal class1 to 94
defines local class equal class1 to 19
declare local class equal class1 to 36
declares local class equal class1 to 62
set local class equal class1 to 4
sets local class equal class1 to 8
create class equal class1 to 53
creates class equal class1 to 48
define class equal class1 to 37
defines class equal class1 to 75
declare class equal class1 to 1
declares class equal class1 to 39
set class equal class1 to 69
sets class equal class1 to 49
create global class equal class2 to 80
creates global class equal class2 to 52
define global class equal class2 to 0
defines global class equal class2 to 18
declare global class equal class2 to 28
declares global class equal class2 to 92
set global class equal class2 to 86
sets global class equal class2 to 10
create local class equal class2 to 60
creates local class equal class2 to 13
define local class equal class2 to 99
defines local class equal class2 to 7
declare local class equal class2 to 63
declares local class equal class2 to 93
set local class equal class2 to 46
sets local class equal class2 to 80
create class equal class2 to 75
creates class equal class2 to 21
define class equal class2 to 49
defines class equal class2 to 4
declare class equal class2 to 91
declares class equal class2 to 72
set class equal class2 to 24
sets class equal class2 to 86
create global class equal i to 5
creates global class equal i to 43
define global class equal i to 63
defines global class equal i to 66
declare global class equal i to 86
declares global class equal i to 81
set global class equal i to 31
sets global class equal i to 51
create local class equal i to 55
creates local class equal i to 54
define local class equal i to 19
defines local class equal i to 69
declare local class equal i to 81
declares local class equal i to 27
set local class equal i to 2
sets local class equal i to 43
create class equal i to 51
creates class equal i to 84
define class equal i to 53
defines class equal i to 74
declare class equal i to 58
declares class equal i to 54
set class equal i to 45
sets class equal i to 54
create global class equal j to 89
creates global class equal j to 6
define global class equal j to 74
defines global class equal j to 96
declare global class equal j to 53
declares global class equal j to 6
set global class equal j to 37
sets global class equal j to 25
create local class equal j to 96
creates local class equal j to 61
define local class equal j to 19
defines local class equal j to 59
declare local class equal j to 33
declares local class equal j to 54
set local class equal j to 31
sets local class equal j to 41
create class equal j to 64
creates class equal j to 53
define class equal j to 76
defines class equal j to 5
declare class equal j to 78
declares class equal j to 84
set class equal j to 96
sets class equal j to 43
create global class equal k to 89
creates global class equal k to 34
define global class equal k to 1
defines global class equal k to 3
declare global class equal k to 65
declares global class equal k to 67
set global class equal k to 81
sets global class equal k to 46
create local class equal k to 97
creates local class equal k to 37
define local class equal k to 23
defines local class equal k to 68
declare local class equal k to 89
declares local class equal k to 13
set local class equal k to 25
sets local class equal k to 33
create class equal k to 68
creates class equal k to 49
define class equal k to 69
defines class equal k to 88
declare class equal k to 42
declares class equal k to 83
set class equal k to 23
sets class equal k to 80
create global class equal a to 73
creates global class equal a to 90
define global class equal a to 15
defines global class equal a to 1
declare global class equal a to 11
declares global class equal a to 75
set global class equal a to 35
sets global class equal a to 38
create local class equal a to 97
creates local class equal a to 32
define local class equal a to 16
defines local class equal a to 79
declare local class equal a to 35
declares local class equal a to 18
set local class equal a to 51
sets local class equal a to 78
create class equal a to 86
creates class equal a to 84
define class equal a to 33
defines class equal a to 7
declare class equal a to 54
declares class equal a to 81
set class equal a to 48
sets class equal a to 20
create global class equal b to 57
creates global class equal b to 48
define global class equal b to 14
defines global class equal b to 96
declare global class equal b to 81
declares global class equal b to 90
set global class equal b to 98
sets global class equal b to 2
create local class equal b to 37
creates local class equal b to 27
define local class equal b to 43
defines local class equal b to 77
declare local class equal b to 67
declares local class equal b to 36
set local class equal b to 89
sets local class equal b to 34
create class equal b to 69
creates class equal b to 43
define class equal b to 94
defines class equal b to 7
declare class equal b to 23
declares class equal b to 76
set class equal b to 83
sets class equal b to 73
create global class equal c to 64
creates global class equal c to 54
define global class equal c to 45
defines global class equal c to 9
declare global class equal c to 62
declares global class equal c to 74
set global class equal c to 5
sets global class equal c to 14
create local class equal c to 11
creates local class equal c to 94
define local class equal c to 90
defines local class equal c to 65
declare local class equal c to 62
declares local class equal c to 3
set local class equal c to 20
sets local class equal c to 81
create class equal c to 20
creates class equal c to 93
define class equal c to 10
defines class equal c to 66
declare class equal c to 6
declares class equal c to 22
set class equal c to 80
sets class equal c to 59
create global classes equal classes0 to 11
creates global classes equal classes0 to 1
define global classes equal classes0 to 83
defines global classes equal classes0 to 51
declare global classes equal classes0 to 65
declares global classes equal classes0 to 55
set global classes equal classes0 to 38
sets global classes equal classes0 to 7
create local classes equal classes0 to 60
creates local classes equal classes0 to 68
define local classes equal classes0 to 13
defines local classes equal classes0 to 54
declare local classes equal classes0 to 64
declares local classes equal classes0 to 4
set local classes equal classes0 to 24
sets local classes equal classes0 to 76
create classes equal classes0 to 5
creates classes equal classes0 to 60
define classes equal classes0 to 96
defines classes equal classes0 to 26
declare classes equal classes0 to 53
declares classes equal classes0 to 30
set classes equal classes0 to 96
sets classes equal classes0 to 73
create global classes equal classes1 to 93
creates global classes equal classes1 to 71
define global classes equal classes1 to 74
defines global classes equal classes1 to 23
declare global classes equal classes1 to 83
declares global classes equal classes1 to 30
set global classes equal classes1 to 54
sets global classes equal classes1 to 34
create local classes equal classes1 to 91
creates local classes equal classes1 to 20
define local classes equal classes1 to 31
defines local classes equal classes1 to 15
declare local classes equal classes1 to 77
declares local classes equal classes1 to 1
set local classes equal classes1 to 8
sets local classes equal classes1 to 79
create classes equal classes1 to 55
creates classes equal classes1 to 19
define classes equal classes1 to 83
defines classes equal classes1 to 78
declare classes equal classes1 to 57
declares classes equal classes1 to 23
set classes equal classes1 to 3
sets classes equal classes1 to 63
create global classes equal classes2 to 66
creates global classes equal classes2 to 51
define global classes equal classes2 to 100
defines global classes equal classes2 to 67
declare global classes equal classes2 to 91
declares global classes equal classes2 to 14
set global classes equal classes2 to 74
sets global classes equal classes2 to 60
create local classes equal classes2 to 100
creates local classes equal classes2 to 93
define local classes equal classes2 to 24
defines local classes equal classes2 to 48
declare local classes equal classes2 to 52
declares local classes equal classes2 to 0
set local classes equal classes2 to 6
sets local classes equal classes2 to 46
create classes equal classes2 to 1
creates classes equal classes2 to 4
define classes equal classes2 to 41
defines classes equal classes2 to 91
declare classes equal classes2 to 32
declares classes equal classes2 to 10
set classes equal classes2 to 40
sets classes equal classes2 to 77
create global classes equal i to 56
creates global classes equal i to 4
define global classes equal i to 32
defines global classes equal i to 74
declare global classes equal i to 57
declares global classes equal i to 70
set global classes equal i to 51
sets global classes equal i to 31
create local classes equal i to 50
creates local classes equal i to 48
define local classes equal i to 12
defines local classes equal i to 0
declare local classes equal i to 53
declares local classes equal i to 56
set local classes equal i to 88
sets local classes equal i to 91
create classes equal i to 2
creates classes equal i to 20
define classes equal i to 99
defines classes equal i to 81
declare classes equal i to 11
declares classes equal i to 79
set classes equal i to 79
sets classes equal i to 41
create global classes equal j to 41
creates global classes equal j to 96
define global classes equal j to 52
defines global classes equal j to 16
declare global classes equal j to 80
declares global classes equal j to 45
set global classes equal j to 38
sets global classes equal j to 83
create local classes equal j to 83
creates local classes equal j to 39
define local classes equal j to 29
defines local classes equal j to 50
declare local classes equal j to 45
declares local classes equal j to 44
set local classes equal j to 48
sets local classes equal j to 70
create classes equal j to 23
creates classes equal j to 14
define classes equal j to 8
defines classes equal j to 31
declare classes equal j to 74
declares classes equal j to 40
set classes equal j to 88
sets classes equal j to 95
create global classes equal k to 62
creates global classes equal k to 100
define global classes equal k to 27
defines global classes equal k to 80
declare global classes equal k to 17
declares global classes equal k to 100
set global classes equal k to 9
sets global classes equal k to 16
create local classes equal k to 31
creates local classes equal k to 65
define local classes equal k to 47
defines local classes equal k to 74
declare local classes equal k to 99
declares local classes equal k to 71
set local classes equal k to 97
sets local classes equal k to 26
create classes equal k to 88
creates classes equal k to 71
define classes equal k to 83
defines classes equal k to 18
declare classes equal k to 19
declares classes equal k to 22
set classes equal k to 32
sets classes equal k to 42
create global classes equal a to 6
creates global classes equal a to 75
define global classes equal a to 35
defines global classes equal a to 90
declare global classes equal a to 93
declares global classes equal a to 60
set global classes equal a to 69
sets global classes equal a to 0
create local classes equal a to 59
creates local classes equal a to 46
define local classes equal a to 94
defines local classes equal a to 9
declare local classes equal a to 71
declares local classes equal a to 5
set local classes equal a to 76
sets local classes equal a to 42
create classes equal a to 90
creates classes equal a to 30
define classes equal a to 11
defines classes equal a to 64
declare classes equal a to 28
declares classes equal a to 99
set classes equal a to 34
sets classes equal a to 79
create global classes equal b to 54
creates global classes equal b to 65
define global classes equal b to 94
defines global classes equal b to 14
declare global classes equal b to 2
declares global classes equal b to 64
set global classes equal b to 44
sets global classes equal b to 15
create local classes equal b to 53
creates local classes equal b to 3
define local classes equal b to 40
defines local classes equal b to 19
declare local classes equal b to 39
declares local classes equal b to 91
set local classes equal b to 51
sets local classes equal b to 49
create classes equal b to 53
creates classes equal b to 5
define classes equal b to 7
defines classes equal b to 56
declare classes equal b to 44
declares classes equal b to 93
set classes equal b to 49
sets classes equal b to 94
create global classes equal c to 9
creates global classes equal c to 44
define global classes equal c to 48
defines global classes equal c to 49
declare global classes equal c to 36
declares global classes equal c to 18
set global classes equal c to 100
sets global classes equal c to 20
create local classes equal c to 20
creates local classes equal c to 98
define local classes equal c to 83
defines local classes equal c to 11
declare local classes equal c to 1
declares local classes equal c to 22
set local classes equal c to 32
sets local classes equal c to 29
create classes equal c to 78
creates classes equal c to 83
define classes equal c to 34
defines classes equal c to 91
declare classes equal c to 79
declares classes equal c to 55
set classes equal c to 35
sets classes equal c to 20
create global void equal void0 to 87
creates global void equal void0 to 20
define global void equal void0 to 30
defines global void equal void0 to 68
declare global void equal void0 to 77
declares global void equal void0 to 33
set global void equal void0 to 87
sets global void equal void0 to 14
create local void equal void0 to 41
creates local void equal void0 to 70
define local void equal void0 to 32
defines local void equal void0 to 79
declare local void equal void0 to 77
declares local void equal void0 to 39
set local void equal void0 to 24
sets local void equal void0 to 59
create void equal void0 to 87
creates void equal void0 to 12
define void equal void0 to 43
defines void equal void0 to 58
declare void equal void0 to 41
declares void equal void0 to 83
set void equal void0 to 37
sets void equal void0 to 71
create global void equal void1 to 34
creates global void equal void1 to 64
define global void equal void1 to 35
defines global void equal void1 to 28
declare global void equal void1 to 70
declares global void equal void1 to 56
set global void equal void1 to 78
sets global void equal void1 to 47
create local void equal void1 to 71
creates local void equal void1 to 57
define local void equal void1 to 53
defines local void equal void1 to 79
declare local void equal void1 to 90
declares local void equal void1 to 93
set local void equal void1 to 0
sets local void equal void1 to 78
create void equal void1 to 9
creates void equal void1 to 11
define void equal void1 to 34
defines void equal void1 to 9
declare void equal void1 to 77
declares void equal void1 to 100
set void equal void1 to 41
sets void equal void1 to 12
create global void equal void2 to 89
creates global void equal void2 to 77
define global void equal void2 to 81
defines global void equal void2 to 11
declare global void equal void2 to 26
declares global void equal void2 to 19
set global void equal void2 to 99
sets global void equal void2 to 12
create local void equal void2 to 12
creates local void equal void2 to 75
define local void equal void2 to 7
defines local void equal void2 to 43
declare local void equal void2 to 88
declares local void equal void2 to 85
set local void equal void2 to 19
sets local void equal void2 to 85
create void equal void2 to 53
creates void equal void2 to 68
define void equal void2 to 53
defines void equal void2 to 2
declare void equal void2 to 94
declares void equal void2 to 5
set void equal void2 to 2
sets void equal void2 to 38
create global void equal i to 64
creates global void equal i to 20
define global void equal i to 58
defines global void equal i to 52
declare global void equal i to 50
declares global void equal i to 50
set global void equal i to 55
sets global void equal i to 17
create local void equal i to 74
creates local void equal i to 56
define local void equal i to 68
defines local void equal i to 20
declare local void equal i to 43
declares local void equal i to 52
set local void equal i to 15
sets local void equal i to 93
create void equal i to 23
creates void equal i to 94
define void equal i to 38
defines void equal i to 26
declare void equal i to 58
declares void equal i to 65
set void equal i to 13
sets void equal i to 29
create global void equal j to 9
creates global void equal j to 25
define global void equal j to 93
defines global void equal j to 27
declare global void equal j to 60
declares global void equal j to 96
set global void equal j to 56
sets global void equal j to 49
create local void equal j to 75
creates local void equal j to 16
define local void equal j to 64
defines local void equal j to 96
declare local void equal j to 99
declares local void equal j to 50
set local void equal j to 66
sets local void equal j to 8
create void equal j to 71
creates void equal j to 87
define void equal j to 21
defines void equal j to 24
declare void equal j to 65
declares void equal j to 23
set void equal j to 8
sets void equal j to 63
create global void equal k to 25
creates global void equal k to 83
define global void equal k to 79
defines global void equal k to 79
declare global void equal k to 5
declares global void equal k to 77
set global void equal k to 37
sets global void equal k to 5
create local void equal k to 76
creates local void equal k to 47
define local void equal k to 5
defines local void equal k to 88
declare local void equal k to 70
declares local void equal k to 75
set local void equal k to 83
sets local void equal k to 82
create void equal k to 57
creates void equal k to 10
define void equal k to 25
defines void equal k to 49
declare void equal k to 86
declares void equal k to 47
set void equal k to 37
sets void equal k to 54
create global void equal a to 75
creates global void equal a to 17
define global void equal a to 71
defines global void equal a to 49
declare global void equal a to 45
declares global void equal a to 28
set global void equal a to 39
sets global void equal a to 89
create local void equal a to 82
creates local void equal a to 34
define local void equal a to 58
defines local void equal a to 22
declare local void equal a to 62
declares local void equal a to 99
set local void equal a to 86
sets local void equal a to 19
create void equal a to 62
creates void equal a to 15
define void equal a to 64
defines void equal a to 60
declare void equal a to 6
declares void equal a to 7
set void equal a to 44
sets void equal a to 73
create global void equal b to 5
creates global void equal b to 26
define global void equal b to 66
defines global void equal b to 32
declare global void equal b to 93
declares global void equal b to 10
set global void equal b to 6
sets global void equal b to 53
create local void equal b to 78
creates local void equal b to 50
define local void equal b to 34
defines local void equal b to 31
declare local void equal b to 61
declares local void equal b to 38
set local void equal b to 80
sets local void equal b to 70
create void equal b to 20
creates void equal b to 63
define void equal b to 57
defines void equal b to 20
declare void equal b to 6
declares void equal b to 43
set void equal b to 18
sets void equal b to 43
create global void equal c to 2
creates global void equal c to 28
define global void equal c to 29
defines global void equal c to 23
declare global void equal c to 4
declares global void equal c to 54
set global void equal c to 15
sets global void equal c to 38
create local void equal c to 36
creates local void equal c to 97
define local void equal c to 41
defines local void equal c to 60
declare local void equal c to 40
declares local void equal c to 63
set local void equal c to 73
sets local void equal c to 64
create void equal c to 96
creates void equal c to 32
define void equal c to 15
defines void equal c to 61
declare void equal c to 21
declares void equal c to 3
set void equal c to 35
sets void equal c to 37
create global voids equal voids0 to 86
creates global voids equal voids0 to 68
define global voids equal voids0 to 48
defines global voids equal voids0 to 14
declare global voids equal voids0 to 1
declares global voids equal voids0 to 51
set global voids equal voids0 to 18
sets global voids equal voids0 to 51
create local voids equal voids0 to 14
creates local voids equal voids0 to 96
define local voids equal voids0 to 60
defines local voids equal voids0 to 31
declare local voids equal voids0 to 74
declares local voids equal voids0 to 83
set local voids equal voids0 to 4
sets local voids equal voids0 to 97
create voids equal voids0 to 26
creates voids equal voids0 to 20
define voids equal voids0 to 45
defines voids equal voids0 to 13
declare voids equal voids0 to 100
declares voids equal voids0 to 73
set voids equal voids0 to 3
sets voids equal voids0 to 32
create global voids equal voids1 to 32
creates global voids equal voids1 to 29
define global voids equal voids1 to 97
defines global voids equal voids1 to 81
declare global voids equal voids1 to 59
declares global voids equal voids1 to 68
set global voids equal voids1 to 46
sets global voids equal voids1 to 83
create local voids equal voids1 to 17
creates local voids equal voids1 to 65
define local voids equal voids1 to 17
defines local voids equal voids1 to 4
declare local voids equal voids1 to 87
declares local voids equal voids1 to 28
set local voids equal voids1 to 44
sets local voids equal voids1 to 79
create voids equal voids1 to 40
creates voids equal voids1 to 2
define voids equal voids1 to 60
defines voids equal voids1 to 73
declare voids equal voids1 to 95
declares voids equal voids1 to 88
set voids equal voids1 to 67
sets voids equal voids1 to 35
create global voids equal voids2 to 79
creates global voids equal voids2 to 13
define global voids equal voids2 to 37
defines global voids equal voids2 to 99
declare global voids equal voids2 to 62
declares global voids equal voids2 to 38
set global voids equal voids2 to 93
sets global voids equal voids2 to 48
create local voids equal voids2 to 42
creates local voids equal voids2 to 88
define local voids equal voids2 to 88
defines local voids equal voids2 to 86
declare local voids equal voids2 to 27
declares local voids equal voids2 to 30
set local voids equal voids2 to 90
sets local voids equal voids2 to 92
create voids equal voids2 to 55
creates voids equal voids2 to 30
define voids equal voids2 to 100
defines voids equal voids2 to 44
declare voids equal voids2 to 77
declares voids equal voids2 to 74
set voids equal voids2 to 13
sets voids equal voids2 to 40
create global voids equal i to 86
creates global voids equal i to 96
define global voids equal i to 91
defines global voids equal i to 54
declare global voids equal i to 50
declares global voids equal i to 92
set global voids equal i to 29
sets global voids equal i to 12
create local voids equal i to 81
creates local voids equal i to 13
define local voids equal i to 3
defines local voids equal i to 66
declare local voids equal i to 75
declares local voids equal i to 97
set local voids equal i to 1
sets local voids equal i to 51
create voids equal i to 76
creates voids equal i to 92
define voids equal i to 82
defines voids equal i to 41
declare voids equal i to 49
declares voids equal i to 73
set voids equal i to 62
sets voids equal i to 81
create global voids equal j to 22
creates global voids equal j to 3
define global voids equal j to 70
defines global voids equal j to 30
declare global voids equal j to 97
declares global voids equal j to 49
set global voids equal j to 51
sets global voids equal j to 26
create local voids equal j to 36
creates local voids equal j to 95
define local voids equal j to 52
defines local voids equal j to 43
declare local voids equal j to 2
declares local voids equal j to 51
set local voids equal j to 2
sets local voids equal j to 39
create voids equal j to 90
creates voids equal j to 50
define voids equal j to 14
defines voids equal j to 47
declare voids equal j to 64
declares voids equal j to 70
set voids equal j to 63
sets voids equal j to 58
create global voids equal k to 44
creates global voids equal k to 8
define global voids equal k to 13
defines global voids equal k to 39
declare global voids equal k to 16
declares global voids equal k to 33
set global voids equal k to 1
sets global voids equal k to 37
create local voids equal k to 83
creates local voids equal k to 38
define local voids equal k to 82
defines local voids equal k to 49
declare local voids equal k to 42
declares local voids equal k to 92
set local voids equal k to 65
sets local voids equal k to 32
create voids equal k to 52
creates voids equal k to 24
define voids equal k to 13
defines voids equal k to 59
declare voids equal k to 80
declares voids equal k to 57
set voids equal k to 86
sets voids equal k to 98
create global voids equal a to 82
creates global voids equal a to 72
define global voids equal a to 11
defines global voids equal a to 2
declare global voids equal a to 7
declares global voids equal a to 59
set global voids equal a to 91
sets global voids equal a to 23
create local voids equal a to 59
creates local voids equal a to 56
define local voids equal a to 52
defines local voids equal a to 74
declare local voids equal a to 43
declares local voids equal a to 89
set local voids equal a to 3
sets local voids equal a to 85
create voids equal a to 31
creates voids equal a to 54
define voids equal a to 69
defines voids equal a to 10
declare voids equal a to 42
declares voids equal a to 88
set voids equal a to 33
sets voids equal a to 29
create global voids equal b to 64
creates global voids equal b to 40
define global voids equal b to 88
defines global voids equal b to 93
declare global voids equal b to 77
declares global voids equal b to 50
set global voids equal b to 17
sets global voids equal b to 18
create local voids equal b to 76
creates local voids equal b to 18
define local voids equal b to 16
defines local voids equal b to 34
declare local voids equal b to 12
declares local voids equal b to 75
set local voids equal b to 89
sets local voids equal b to 36
create voids equal b to 70
creates voids equal b to 47
define voids equal b to 65
defines voids equal b to 4
declare voids equal b to 49
declares voids equal b to 18
set voids equal b to 5
sets voids equal b to 69
create global voids equal c to 83
creates global voids equal c to 46
define global voids equal c to 82
defines global voids equal c to 92
declare global voids equal c to 72
declares global voids equal c to 31
set global voids equal c to 44
sets global voids equal c to 59
create local voids equal c to 6
creates local voids equal c to 0
define local voids equal c to 56
defines local voids equal c to 68
declare local voids equal c to 28
declares local voids equal c to 26
set local voids equal c to 62
sets local voids equal c to 45
create voids equal c to 11
creates voids equal c to 36
define voids equal c to 68
defines voids equal c to 79
declare voids equal c to 29
declares voids equal c to 12
set voids equal c to 49
sets voids equal c to 64
